Ted Cruz and Ben Carson want the charity to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since its launch in 2001 . Bum rush came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity 's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton was the country 's chief diplomat . Cruz said : ` Having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for President ' Carson said they ` should they definitely give back the money and cease accepting foreign donations , but should also make every effort to find missing documents that would shed light if in fact they are innocent ' Carly Fiorina said , ` It 's the Clinton way : raking in millions from foreign governments behind closed doors while making promises about transparency that they never intended to keep '


latvia-based drive eo has created a vehicle, named eo pp03, which runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack driving six yasa-400 electric motors . it is capable of producing 1020 kw (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h) the one megawatt electric race car is set to compete in the pikes peak international hill climb in colorado springs in june .


Alert issued over rogue workers in nuclear , transport and public services . MI5 giving advice on risk posed by employees working in sensitive areas . Follows actions of pilot Andreas Lubitz who killed 150 people in the Alps . A BA pilot claims his airline does not carry out mental health checks .


A short film highlights the nasty things people say about the homeless . People who sleep rough in Toronto read tweets people made about them . They include : ` I hate when it 's cold because the homeless get on the bus '


tim sherwood replied to a letter from charlie pye on tuesday . pye had applied for the villa hotseat after paul lambert was sacked . sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' during a press conference on friday . villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .


Dina Amos-Larkin fell from a fourth floor balcony in Salou, Spain. 21-year-old law student is in a medically-induced coma. She claims she is now stranded in hospital as she is waiting for her insurer to review her case.


Manua Kea mountain was burial ground for Native Hawaiians and is sacred . Construction recently began for $ 1.4 billion Thirty Meter Telescope . Native groups calling for 30-day moratorium as discussions continue . Thirty-one people arrested on Thursday as they sat on road to the site . Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa joined protests in his home state .


Tattooed Apple Watch users reporting problems with its heart rate sensor . Sensor takes readings by measuring light absorption though the skin . Dark , solid tattoos seem to confuse the new device the most . Apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite people taking to Twitter .


Scott Kemery , 44 , was rushed to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday . He had rented the car in Florida and drove north to the Hamptons and discovered the car had bedbugs .


Bastian Schweinsteiger has been suffering with a virus . Franck Ribery is n't yet fully fit after five-week absence with ankle injury . Arjen Robben , Medhi Benatia and David Alaba are all sidelined .


conor mcdonnell is the self-taught photographer behind instagram's most liked photo of kim kardashian and kanye west . mcdonnell has accumulated over 25,000 followers since his first instagram post in november 2011 . the liverpool native shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their instagram fan base and take great photos on the go .


Christian Benteke is currently paid £ 50,000 per week at Aston Villa . The Belgium striker has two years left on his current contract . Wolfsburg have been keeping tabs on the Villa forward .


Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed into the Alps, changing the aircraft's altitude. Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee. Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind.


Rose McGrath, 7, was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. The school wrote in a letter addressed to her father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance' Rose's attendance, coupled with her academic performance, do not qualify her for continued attendance.


The two moms from `` Big Bang Theory '' guest star this week . `` Backstrom , '' `` Blue Bloods '' are among the week 's season finales . Comedy `` Younger '' is gaining big buzz .


john hartson has urged his former club celtic to move on from the injustice . the welshman was wrongly disallowed for offside in an old firm cup final . celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish championship on monday .


Adam Crapser , 39 , of Salem , Oregon , was born in South Korea as Shin Sonh Hyuk around the age of three along with his biological sister . Abandoned by one adoptive family , separated for nearly three decades from his only biological sister , and exposed to abuse by another American adoptive couple . At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for


Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon. He first electrocuted a Coke can, but his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet he was holding. Since Dangelo, who also goes by the name of Mikkey, posted the footage on his Facebook page the video has gone viral.


Pete Evans has been dropped as a celebrity ambassador by Sumo Salad . The food chain are strongly denying that the move is related to Evans ` recent paleo controversies . Evans announced his disputed baby cookbook ` Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month .


Flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building at Warwick Castle . Holidaymakers had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from a wooden trebuchet -- the largest working siege machine in the world . The big display ended in catastrophe when sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse , causing it to erupt into flames .


Peter Moskos : When man died in police custody , many unfairly blamed all Baltimore cops . But cops are in a no-win situation . He says those who trashed city are part of larger societal woes of poverty and class . In just blaming cops , we ignore source of strife .


Renee Somerfield , the genetically-blessed Australian Model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . The yellow Protein World ad , currently plastered all over billboards around the London Underground , features a bikini-clad Renee . The sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners .


Prosecutors get investigative report a day early , but do n't expect immediate word on charges . Attorney general : We 're continuing `` careful and deliberate examination of the facts '' Gray family was told `` answers were not going to come quickly , '' and that 's fine , attorney says .


` It 's not like a choice . It 's like I was drafted , ' Hamill told a massive crowd at Star Wars Celebration of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker in Star Wars : The Force Awakens . ` I was a little suspicious because he was a Star Trek guy , ' said Hamill , laughing .


Michael Easy first went on the run in 2013 after assaulting a woman at party . While hiding from police , he taunted them by posting photos on Facebook . Caught and jailed for 15 months before going on run again on his release . Now facing four months in jail for assault and breaching restraining order .


Nicola Sturgeon today warned Ed Miliband that time is running out on her offer. The SNP leader said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10. She said every day that passes risks fuelling the impression that Mr Miliband would rather see the Conservatives return to government than work with the SNP.


Sharon Winters , 39 , from Wirral , met chef Kevin Hawke online in July , 2014 . He stabbed her in a frenzied attack barely two weeks after they met . Her brother Stephen Robinson warns women about online dating dangers .


german delfino awarded velez sarsfield a penalty after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece . delfino overturned the decision - to the annoyance of velez who lost out on a penalty and a man advantage .


Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph. Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by Walters as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield, Leicestershire.


officers from police scotland's edinburgh division posted pictures on facebook . pictures show lego criminals attempting to break into people's homes . but victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke' last night police scotland defended the campaign, pointing out photos have been viewed almost 350,000 times .


Experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil . Rich in vitamins A , K and E , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids . Health aficionado Gwyneth Paltrow is already a fan .


Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers ` Party are killed in clashes with Turkish armed forces . Four Turkish soldiers also are wounded in the fighting , the armed forces say . The Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance , CNN Turk reports . Last month , the longtime leader of the PKK called for the violence to end .


yorkshire wicketkeeper barney gibson has retired from cricket . the 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age . gibson became the youngest first-class cricketer in county history in 2011 .


Edwin ` Jock ' Mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 . One of his alleged victims claims he locked her in a room and raped her . Woman told the jury he locked the doors and told her he had the keys . She claimed he told her that if she ` f *** with him ' , then ` he will f *** with me '


Moeen Ali will join up with the England squad ahead of the second Test in the Caribbean , starting in Grenada on April 21 . He says he is ready to take on Australia 's left-arm Mitchells in the Ashes . Moeen struggled with the short ball against Sri Lanka and India last year . He was named one of Wisden 's Five Cricketers of the Year last year .


Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown , Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted a voicemail on Facebook . In the voicemail he said : ` I want you to get her in check before there is a big f * * * ing problem here on my end . Understand me ? ' Rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the shop for


Lewis Hamilton took a break from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week. The Mercedes driver took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix to go cruising with his brother Nicolas. The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the Mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of LA's busiest freeways.


shoshana hebshi, of sylvania, ohio, was forced from a plane at detroit metropolitan airport on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . armed agents forced her to undress during a search and held her for hours . hebshi, who has a jewish mother and saudi arabian father, has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion . the federal government will give her $40,000 as compensation .


West Ham are planning to move for Real Madrid's European goal hero Javier Hernandez as part of an extensive summer recruitment programme. Hernandez, 26, scored a late winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. The striker nicknamed the Little Pea has started only twice in La Liga for Carlo Ancelotti and will return to Old Trafford.


Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in Champions League quarter-finals . Ahead of the tie , Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona forwards . He says he has never seen a relationship like the one Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez have for Barcelona . Perhaps in a swipe at Cristiano Ronaldo , Pique went on to say that there is no hint of jealousy between the three Barcelona players .


Nine in 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the NHS is via a GP . Crisis in A&E has led some to blame lack of GP appointments . Weekend opening hours have been suggested as one solution . Vikram Pathania is a lecturer in economics at the University of Sussex .


Burlesque queen Dita Von Teese will lead workshops at Canyon Ranch . Guests can learn how to artfully remove garters , gloves and stockings . Five-night stay at the Arizona health resort costs around # 3565 per person .


The comment was made today by Ellen Stofan , chief Nasa scientist . ` It 's definitely not an if , it 's a when , ' added Nasa 's Jeffery Newmark . But the likelihood that life is similar to that on Earth is low , they said . Signs of water have been found on some of Jupiter and Saturn 's moons .


Sergio Garcia is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012. Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam. Tiger Woods' self-imposed exile from the game has dominated the agenda for weeks.


Jeannie Flynn has spoken of terror as people screamed about saving her . Chip shop worker , 53 , said bricks were falling all around her after she fell . Onlookers describe her ` disappearing ' down a hole on busy road in Fulham . She ended up in cafe basement but miraculously was not seriously injured .


Goa is India 's smallest state but one of its most popular travel destinations . It offers bargain beach breaks -LRB- and luxury too -RRB- in the west of the country . Weak Rouble means there are currently fewer Russian visitors than usual .


Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night . It marked a return to Turin for Italy 's former Juventus boss Antonio Conte . Conte received death threats in the build-up to the international friendly . He says it was still good to rekindle his good memories from his time there .


Newcastle would be on 20 points if Alan Pardew 's five wins were removed . John Carver has won just two games in 14 since taking over the side . Newcastle 's players look uninterested and uninspired since he left the club . The 53-year-old has made a blistering start in charge of Crystal Palace . CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .


The world's seventh-largest economy is headed toward collapse. The report was based on a foundation of the latest ocean science. It is important to try to understand its value if global leaders are ever going to sustain it for future generations.


Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba at Lille . The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing . The 18-year-old has all the attributes to eventually be a very good striker . Lichtteiner was part of the team that won 1-0 against Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg .


Mick Schumacher is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the ADAC Formula 4 series . Schumacher Junior finished second in the world , European and German kart championships last season . This is the first time that Schumacher Junior is racing under his own name after using the maiden name of his mother Corrina Betsch .


Derek Murray , a University of Alberta law student , could have had his day ruined by the mistake by a stranger 's kindness brightened it up . Murray posted his story and the note online and the random act of kindness has now gone viral .


Parents of miracle baby Sonit Awal overjoyed as infant pulled from rubble . Father dragged rocks away with his bare hands to try and free the boy . Infant was saved by a cupboard that fell , protecting him from aftershocks . Mum Rasmila has thanked ` God and the rescuers ' for saving her child .


Royal Caribbean 's Legend of the Seas docked in San Diego on Tuesday with 135 passengers . Just one day prior , the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked with 106 sick . Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks . It causes severe gastrointestinal distress and vomiting and diarrhea . Both ships sailed from Fort Lauderdale , Florida ,


A series of events has led to the discovery of the graffiti. It dates back almost 100 years and was written in chalk. The graffiti was found in a quarry in France, near Paris.


Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver . It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later . The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food , housing and a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator .


A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy is seized by police in Gaza . The owner of the door , Rabea Darduna , filed a complaint with a Gaza court . He sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children .


Alan Rogers smashed the head of Fred Hatch in their communal garden . Mr Hatch 's wife Enid found Rogers standing over her husband 's body . Rogers claimed he wanted Mr Hatch dead as he was involved in witchcraft . He told officers arresting him ` I have been waiting a long time to kill that man '


Cave mimics famous Caverne du Pont-d'Arc in France , the oldest cave decorated by man and the best preserved . The replica contains all 1,000 paintings which include 425 such as a woolly rhinoceros and mammoths . Minute details were copied using 3D modelling and anamorphic techniques , often used to shoot widescreen images . The modern cave also includes replica paw prints of bears , bones and details preserved in the original cave .


Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor squared off in 1985 World Championship final. Davis missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. Taylor pounced upon the error from Davis to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight.


Tola Ore attached a high-tech gadget to her workstation in July 2013 . Fraudsters attempted to transfer the cash before the branch opened . Ore removed the device and handed it to someone in a supermarket toilet . She pleaded guilty to one count of fraud at the Old Bailey on Friday .


Air Canada flight ACA-877 set out from Frankfurt Airport , Germany . Pilot contacted Shannon after disturbance caused on board . Irish police confirm 87-year-old woman was taken into custody and then released without charge this morning .


David de Gea has been offered # 200,000-a-week to stay at Manchester United . Fears are growing that De Gea will return to Spain to join Real Madrid . There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain . Louis van Gaal has admitted that the club have offered him ` a lot of money ' United would demand # 30m if Real try to sign him


Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday . Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic . The Bosnian has attracted interest from several top clubs , including Real Madrid . Hughes says he is hopeful of keeping the Bosnian at the club .


Study was conducted by National Evolutionary Synthesis Centre , Durham . It suggests that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , moralistic deities . Research also uncovered link between a belief in high gods who enforce a moral code and a strong social hierarchy .


Jordan Henderson has committed his future to Liverpool with new deal . The England international has agreed terms worth over £ 100,000 a week . New contract will keep Henderson at Liverpool until the summer of 2020 . Henderson ` over the moon ' after agreeing to stay on Merseyside . The 24-year-old is keen on adding to his trophy cabinet after penning deal . READ : Man Utd and Liverpool target Memphis Depay holds talks with PSG .


Chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west London after a strong showing in Manchester to see off City's young side. Tammy Abraham scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead.


From rowing to Zumba , two nutritionists reveal the exercises you can do to burn off your favourite Easter eggs . Nutritionist Dr Sam Christie warns many Easter eggs contain high levels of sugar , which can cause behavioural problems and acne .


Packs of Cadbury Fingers have come down by 11 grams to weight of 114g . Popular biscuits made under licence by another manufacturer , Burton 's . Sainsbury 's price up from £ 1 to £ 1.50 in a year , but down to 80p at Tesco . Shoppers facing stealth price rises in what economists call ` shrinkflation '


The total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time . People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view . Parts of South America , India , China and Russia also will be able to see the eclipse . The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds .


Tina Sinatra , 66 , laughed when he asked if Mia Farrow 's son Ronan , 27 , was her brother . She said : ` Could n't be . Frank had a vasectomy before that . I do n't know whose son Ronan is ' In 2013 , Mia Farrow admitted that Frank Sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of Woody Allen .


Amy Wilkinson , 28 , falsely claimed housing benefit and Council Tax benefit . Court gives her suspended sentence and orders her to pay back £ 18,000 . Her grandfather Tommy Docherty managed Man United from 1972 to 1977 .


David Wihby , 61 , has been New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte 's state director for the last year . He was arrested on Friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on Saturday . He was one of ten men arrested in the last week by Nashua , New Hampshire , police in prostitution sting . Ayotte said in a statement that she was ` shocked and deeply saddened ' by Wihby 's arrest .


Pep Guardiola says his team 's injury situation is ` critical , very critical ' Medhi Benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury . Wingers Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery are also out . Bastian Schweinsteiger , David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined . Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title .


Jacob Polyakov plunged off the SEC ` Globe ' centre in Kiev , Ukraine . 17-year-old cracked his head open and is now in intensive care . Friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on corner of step .


Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies . Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter . ` Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner Olly Taylor said .


Carlos Tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future at Juventus . Tevez 's current deal at the Serie A giants is due to expire in 2016 . Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici claimed Tevez is close to returning . Transfer talk intensified when Tevez replicated famous Boca celebration .


The Finance Police 's ship , the Calabrese , regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa , Italy . It 's the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East . In recent years , its 12-man crew has joined Italy 's effort to rescue migrants coming from Africa . `` If it were low in the water , we 'd


researchers from the california institute of technology, george washington university and the university of washington found that 15.7percent of nfl players go bankrupt within 12 years . this, despite players earning millions - sometimes tens of millions - over the course of their careers . the rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid .


Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem , Oregon , has accused Facebook of discrimination after her account was suspended . The Native American woman has been forced to use a different surname in order to regain access to her list of over 1,000 online friends . ` Other people can use their nicknames , inappropriate names , but I ca n't use my real name , ' she said . Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook 's discriminatory policies .


Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon's Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. The Queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at Newbury despite not backing a winner. She crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at Newbury.


Microsoft's How old do I look app was created to analyse images on Bing, Microsoft's search engine. It correctly guessed Kim Kardashian's age as 34, but thought 37-year-old Kanye West was actually 38 - while a woman in the background of the image was deemed to be just six-years-old.


The rare albino dolphin lives at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan . Its thin skin means it changes colour when it 's emotional like a human . The animal was captured during the annual dolphin hunt in Taiji last year . Activists filed a lawsuit against the museum for withholding information . But the museum claims the animal is kept ` physically and mentally healthy ' Researchers from the museum released a study on the animal in March .


$ 250 -LRB- £ 168 -RRB- Neurio device claims to make ` an ordinary home smart ' Recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles . Information is fed to an app to tell users their home 's energy consumption . App allows users to control appliances through their phone too .


Steven Allison, 37, was previously of Idle near Bradford. He had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in Australia. But he was unaware the net was closing in as British police teamed up with colleagues in Australia and Interpol to locate him.


Kent Sprouse , 42 , gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt , 28 , at a gas station outside of Dallas in 2002 . He also shot dead a customer , Pedro Moreno , 38 , who was pumping gas nearby . A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether he was mentally ill at


Margaret Bates is haunted by horrific murder of 17-year-old Kelly-Anne . Mum-of-three says she ca n't read autopsy report which details 150 injuries . Speaking for the first time after being left traumatised by death . Teen 's boyfriend , James Smith , 49 , was jailed for life after 1996 murder . Jury offered counselling after hearing of the youth 's unimaginable ordeal .


Martin Alvarado , Jr. , ` was looking after Edwin O'Reilly on Thursday and became enraged when the child urinated on him as he changed his diaper ' He ` confessed to police that he repeatedly struck the boy , killing him ' Alvarado is being held without bail on a first-degree murder charge .


Engineers have developed the Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September. It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km) over a 656ft (200-metre)


google began testing its download feature last year . allows users to download their entire search archive . can also delete part of the record . exports your searches to google drive in a zip archive .


eHarmony relationship survey reveals pros and cons of single life . 54 % of women say they prioritise love but men spend almost double the time per week actively looking for dates . 53 % of women hate being the only single person at a family gathering . 24 % of men says they 're single because ` all the good ones are taken ' One single woman reveals her friend did n't invite her to a birthday dinner as she would ` ruin table numbers '


kenneth stancil iii worked at wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina . he shot and killed ron lane, a longtime employee and the school's print shop operator . police are looking into whether it was a hate crime .


Four of Bobby Robson 's 1996 squad are still in the Champions League . PSG boss Laurent Blanc faces Barcelona manager Luis Enrique . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola takes on Julen Lopetegui 's Porto side .


Clarkson , 55 , had cancer scare two days before assaulting Oisin Tymon . He had a lump on his tongue which doctors said was probably cancer . Clarkson has been given all clear but says it was most stressful day ever . Former Top Gear presenter was sacked by BBC after ` unprovoked attack '


Band of extreme weather predicted to hit an area including Chicago , Detroit and St. Louis , as well as Memphis , Tennessee , and Little Rock , Arkansas on Thursday . Storm Prediction Center estimates that 57 million people live in an area with an ` enhanced risk ' of hail , damaging winds and tornadoes . Severe thunderstorms packing 80mph winds and large hail already made their way across central Missouri on Wednesday . Areas that do n't see strong storms on Thursday could see heavy rain instead .


danielle davies gave birth to harley at 11lb 5oz following an eight hour labour . midwives were so shocked they had to weigh him twice in the maternity ward . harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .


Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City . Toure 's agent Dimitri Seluk wants to meet with City to discuss his future . Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season after managing him at City .


Five-star Ballyfin has was given the prestigious award in the publication 's latest edition . The high-profile couple stayed there last May on their honeymoon following their Italian nuptials . The entirety of the elegant hotel can be hired out for £ 18,000 -LRB- € 25,000 -RRB- a night .


Fabien Le Coq took photos of trees from the bottom looking up . The branches take on their own patterns in the sky : `` Each tree has its own personality ''


Sunderland beat a lacklustre Newcastle 1-0 in Tyne-Wear derby . Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf injury . The Holland full-back admitted performance was n't up to standard . Black Cats have not taken 17 of last 21 point available in derby games .


Iain Mackay , 40 , saw his Thai girlfriend talking to another man in a bar . Trio reportedly got into a furious argument at the coastal Hua Hin resort . Shortly afterwards Mr Mackay appeared in a nearby shop bleeding heavily . Was suffering injuries caused by shards of glass from a smashed mirror . Paramedics were called to the scene but he died in hospital hours later .


Alvarado finished in fourth place in the Grand National at Aintree last year . Fergal O'Brien says the horse is in better shape this time around . Alvarado has run only once this season at Doncaster in February .


Josh Warrington earns points victory against Dennis Tubieron . 24-year-old admitted to being bored during the one-sided fight . Vinnie Jones accompanied the featherweight to the ring .


Tesla confirmed it will unveil a revolutionary power pack for the home next week. The company said it will announce a 'home battery' and a 'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.


Didier Drogba has picked up a thigh injury and pulled out of a charity game . Chelsea are already missing Diego Costa and Loic Remy through injury . They travel to face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday at 4 pm . Costa returns to first-team training this week to boost Jose Mourinho .


Daniel Morcombe 's killer could be freed early because of judge 's ` bias ' Lawyer 's for Brett Peter Cowan demand chief justice removed from appeal . Claim judge Tim Carmody had a friendship child protection advocate . Daniel , 13 , went missing in December 2013 after Cowan abducted him . Cowan was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison in March last year .


About 56,000 dogs treated by vets for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . Most had simply found a piece of food lying around or been fed a treat . Painkillers the most common cause , followed by rat and mouse bait . Kennel Club poisons expert warns even ` harmless ' foods can be dangerous .


Greg Dyke was given a # 16,000 Parmigiani watch as a gift at the World Cup . The chairman initially refused to hand his back when the watches were recalled . Dyke had promised to donate it to the FA 's official charity partner , Breast Cancer Care , so that it could be auctioned . FIFA 's ethics committee has closed proceedings on the matter .


Three-year-old Choupette , the white Siamese cat , is ` richest cat in world ' She did advert for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan last year . Both earned her £ 2.18 million and was first cat to front a beauty campaign . This is just under the £ 2.4 million Cara Delevingne earned last year . In New York Karl Lagerfeld 's moggy had her own room in £ 400 a night hotel .


Brighton giving young players training in law surrounding sexual consent . The Seagulls are the first to provide counselling to youth players . Part of training involves taking part in question and answer sessions .


Frustrated elephant misses its target as it attempts to douse bull in water . Huge African elephant is with its baby , who nestles close for protection . Kruger National Park , where pictures were taken , is home to 147 mammals .


tunisian skipper mohammed ali malek, 27, arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night . he was forced to watch bodies of 24 victims of tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of malta . malek later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration . prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship .


Zara and Mike Tindall were at a Help for Heroes event in Wiltshire . Cheered personal trainer Rob Edmond who was completing a challenge . Edmond rolled a whisky barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire . Tindall ran the final mile and says he would like to do a similar challenge . Zara strapped herself into the barrel and laughingly gave Tindall a lift .


Kayahan was diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest . He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday . `` We are in grief over losing Kayahan , '' Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tweets .


Tourists and locals queue for several hours to get their hands on Jenny 's butter cookies . People are even hired to stand in line to buy the cookies , which are later sold at an up-to-70 % mark-up . Food frenzies have also taken place in other parts of the world .


Referee for the fight in Las Vegas will earn $ 10,000 -LRB- £ 6,800 -RRB- Fight is expected to earn around $ 400m -LRB- £ 273m -RRB- in revenue . Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are leading candidates to referee .


Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at 1996 Olympic Games . Bulgarian won by one point in featherweight semi-finals in Atlanta . Todorov now lives in an apartment in Bulgaria on £ 370-a-month handout . Mayweather preparing for $ 300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao .


Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front of an unsuspecting little boy wearing the player 's shirt in line at a Starbucks . Verlander uploaded the photo to Instagram saying the fan was ` pretty surprised ' when he turned around . The photo has gotten more than 16,000 ` likes ' and 600 comments .


QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road on Sunday in the Premier League . Jose Mourinho 's side are one point off the bottom of the table . Chris Ramsey believes Sunday 's derby is more crucial to QPR than Chelsea . The Hoops need the points to avoid dropping out of the division all together . QPR beat Chelsea 1-0 at home to Chelsea in October 2011 . Clint Hill


Lyoto Machida and Luke Rockhold will meet in New Jersey on Saturday. Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory in the middleweight division. Machida has a title shot in his sights, but Rockhold has no plans to let it get in the way.


Paris St Germain face a daunting task to turn around their Champions League quarter-final meeting with Barcelona. The French champions were swept aside 3-1 by Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez in the first leg at the Nou Camp. Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be available again when PSG meet Barcelona on Tuesday.


Manny Pacquiao has released a music video for his song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' The tune is the latest in a long line of Pacquiao's songs to be released in the past year. The Filipino boxer is set to fight Floyd Mayweather Jnr for the world boxing title on May 2.


Thousands of people were left confused and concerned by the worst power outage in more than a decade. Over the last five years, security forces have arrested hundreds of army generals, journalists, prosecutors, civil society activists and police commanders. The mysterious collapse of much of the country's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories across social media.


Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they 've been visiting the park monthly ever since . Each time the family visits , GIselle puts on a new princess outfit bought by her mother Kristina . Kristina , who works with special needs kids , takes glamorous photos of her daughter .


Rafa Benitez 's contract at Napoli expires this summer and he is set to leave . Manchester City , West Ham and Newcastle could be looking for a new boss . Benitez was a success at Liverpool , but struggled to win over Chelsea fans . But he still won the Europa League with the Blues and they are thankful . He would bring success to almost any Premier League team next season .


Steve Esmond , his wife Theresa Divine and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill while staying at the Sirenusa Resort in St. John . Divine was released from hospital and is now in occupational therapy . The family 's lawyer said the boys are in ` rough shape ' On Friday the US Environmental Protection Agency said preliminary tests showed there was ` a presence of methyl bromide in the unit .


hong kong's legislature tabled a controversial election proposal wednesday . pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto the proposal . the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .


Manchester City players trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday . Sergio Aguero , Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri all took part in shooting practice . City are currently fourth in the Premier League with seven games remaining . Manuel Pellegrini 's side face West Ham United on Sunday . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .


45-year-old released ten-minute YouTube film showing him in Lake District . It follows the presenter as he drinks pints and learns how to herd sheep . Comes after co-host James May released series of films about jobless life . Clarkson also described yesterday how bored he was with unemployed life .


More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp . British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15 , 1945 . Hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . Joachim Gauck , the German president , said the British soldiers were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge '


The flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found Thursday by recovery teams . The French air accident investigation agency says its teams have begun to investigate its contents . A German official says Andreas Lubitz 's actions amount to `` premeditated murder '' German prosecutors say a tablet found at his apartment shows he researched suicide .


More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded . Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year , up from 4.9 m in 2014 . Top country for illegal downloads was Brazil , followed by France and UK . Top five TV shows illegally downloaded were The Walking Dead , Breaking Bad and House of Cards .


Pauline McKee thought she hit it big when she put a penny in an Iowa slot machine and the game announced she won a $ 41.8 m bonus award . But the state supreme court ruled the game 's rules state it only allows a maximum award of $ 10,000 - and does not allow for bonus awards . During an investigation it was discovered the machine had a software glitch , causing the game 's erroneous bonus messages . Court ruled that McKee only won $ 1.85 based on how game 's symbols aligned .


Jesus Salas Aguayo , known as ` The Liquidator ' , has been arrested by Mexican police . He is a former gun for hire and Juarez Cartel boss known for his ruthless methods . Arrest comes after he was placed on the DEA 's Most Wanted list . Authorities say he is ` linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in the city ' He is charged with multiple


cressida bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry . the actress was named mulberry's new muse in a new interview . she says she is a 'strong, independent woman'


Yaya Toure , Sergio Aguero , Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves at Old Trafford . Manchester City lost 4-1 to their local rivals on Sunday afternoon . Gary Neville described Toure as a ` weed ' in the City garden .


Spieth set a new Masters scoring record with a 14-under 130 through two rounds at Augusta National . This was Spieth 's sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par . The next Tiger ? That is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders .


Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League table . Louis van Gaal 's side have a five-point cushion over the chasing pack . United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield before the international break . Wayne Rooney feels United are on course to qualify for the Champions League . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .


Iran 's elite Quds Force is training , advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS . Iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the U.S. , but say trust between the nations is lacking .


Siem de Jong has been out of action since the end of August . The £ 6m summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February . De Jong was ruled out for the rest of the season but is close to full fitness .


Antonio Di Natale played alongside Alexis Sanchez at Serie A side Udinese . Former Italy forward claims Chile star was his best ever strike partner , which have included Francesco Totti and Alessandro Del Piero . Di Natale claims Arsenal forward is better than Barcelona star Neymar .


High There! is the world's first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts. The app is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views.


Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds. His feat of swift consumption impressed some people but annoyed others. Observers were quick to point out that Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.


The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row , eating out from trash cans . The mother bear was seen huffing and looking ` defensive ' on Thursday after residents started taking cell phone pictures of the animals . Officials with Alaska 's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they


Juan Arango escaped punishment from the referee for biting Jesus Zavela . He could face a retrospective punishment for the incident . Arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team 's 4-3 defeat .


Samantha Simmonds , 42 , took time off work to spend with her children . But Easter holiday turned into a string of tantrums and bickering , she said . Mother-of-three also describes ` working mum guilt ' shared by many .


Victor Agbafe , 17 , is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington . He plans to double major in microbiology with government or economics . Smart young man faces tough choice after being accepted into 14 colleges . He credits his mother , a Nigerian immigrant and physician , for his success . Will make decision this month and he hopes to become a neurosurgeon .


Asabi Barner , 37 , of South Carolina got a tattoo at Black Ink tattoo parlor while visiting New York City . The parlor in Harlem specializes in tattooing dark skin and the shop 's owner and artist have their own reality show called Black Ink Crew on VH1 . Barner went to the shop last year to get a new chest piece to cover up an older chest tattoo . After the first day , Barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day . She is currently in the process for suing the tattoo parlor .


Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats . In a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable . She then proceeds to spit it out on the floor .


motorists caught playing football on m25 after becoming stuck in traffic . kent police received reports of people kicking a ball about in the gridlock . officers warned motorists to remain inside their vehicles during gridlock .


Syrians line up despondently in scenes more familiar inside refugee camps . Posted by anti-ISIS activist with message : Hunger , poverty , homelessness . Syrians persecuted by terror group 's warped interpretation of Islamic law .


awel manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles because the children associate the reptiles with water . her siblings - one-year-old brother bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger - died after their mother akon guode crashed her 4wd into a lake on wednesday . the children's father, joseph tito manyang, says five-year-old awel remains in a serious condition at the royal children's hospital but


Scientists in Germany observed a jet erupting from comet 67P . The event was captured by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft . In images two minutes apart , the jet appears on the dark side of the comet . It may have formed when melting ice caused an explosion of material .


Juan Mata says his side must look at their next seven games as ` finals ' Manchester United comfortably dispatched of Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday . Mata 's side are currently third and a point ahead of rivals Manchester City . They face their big rivals in a crucial clash at Old Trafford on April 12 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


sen. rand paul, r-kentucky, will announce his candidacy for president tuesday morning in louisville, kentucky . he will run with the slogan 'defeat the washington machine. unleash the american dream' his father, former texas rep. ron paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist republicans .


Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play in the Premier League . John Carver 's Newcastle side have lost their last six straight league games . Phil Neville and Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher have also criticised the club . Carver believes such pundits do not know the ins and outs of management .


a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage . on thursday evening, thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states, including parts of south dakota, nebraska, kansas, and texas . on saturday, the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike nashville, memphis, atlanta, tallahassee, jacksonville, new orleans, and san antonio .


David Cameron will pledge to sell Lloyds shares if he wins the election . Government hold shares after Labour 's £ 20billion bailout in 2008 . The £ 4billion sale would be the biggest privatisation since the 1980s .


Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. 'Look out, look out!'


Jack Henry Doshay , 22 , was arrested at a residential facility Wednesday where he was receiving treatment for depression . Authorities say he tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a Solana Beach , California elementary school on March 23 . On Friday , Doshay pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty in his first court appearance . He is the son of prominent San Diego businessman Glenn Doshay , who is a minority owner of the San Diego Padres baseball team .


the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 . wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots' side on top spot because of a superior goal difference .


New tropical fruit to go on sale in the UK is cross between mango and plum . The Bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum - has been nicknamed the plango . The fruit has a bright orange edible skin and a sweet taste and soft texture .


Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers . They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee . Viewers are currently able to use the BBC 's online services without paying .


App is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year . As customers scan items , a pricing tool will create a list with store prices . When the shopper enters the store , a map will appear showing the customer where each of their grocery items are located . If Wandsworth trial is successful , app will be rolled out wider next year .


Rochelle Holmes , 26 , ballooned to 20st on a diet of pizzas and kebabs . She smoked 20 cigarettes a day and got out of breath walking up stairs . Doctors warned her blood pressure was so high she was at risk of a stroke . She managed to lose 8st and drop 6 dress sizes by changing her lifestyle .


A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold . He told authorities he had fallen asleep , Alaska Airlines says . The plane was only in the air for 14 minutes , the airline says . A total of 170 passengers and six crew members were on the flight , Flight 448 .


Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within five years . Opponents claim she has ` broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis ' on a referendum . In September 's vote , 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the UK . In a series of TV election debates , the SNP leader has shifted her position . She said : `


one direction member seen with suspicious roll-up in shocking new picture . picture taken on wednesday amid 48 hours of partying in london . tomlinson, 23, left cirque du soir nightclub at 4am this morning . returned to his hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water . comes one month after zayn malik announced his decision to quit band .


Demolition of beautiful Beaux Arts Pennsylvania Station in 1963 led to Landmarks Preservation Commission . There are now more than 33,000 properties with landmark status , mostly in historic districts throughout New York . Exhibition shows the architectural losses that occurred before the law and the buildings that have been preserved .


Jacob Fairbank injured his ankle while on loan at Halifax . Huddersfield forward faces lengthy spell on the sidelines following scans . Giants managing director Richard Thewlis said ` It 's another bad blow '


Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half in Chelsea 's 1-1 draw with Chelsea . Adam 's shot fooled Thibaut Courtois at Stamford Bridge . David Beckham did it for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996 . Wayne Rooney and Xabi Alonso also scored against Chelsea in 2006 . Sportsmail 's Jamie Redknapp said it was ` one of the best strikes we ' ve ever seen ` Adam


Passengers have left behind more than $ 2.7 million in quarters and dimes in five years . The TSA were allowed to keep $ 675,000 in spare change last year . That is almost double what was collected in 2008 at $ 383,414 .


Soldier had fought overseas in First Gulf War , Bosnia and Northern Ireland . Family say he had struggled to adapt to civilian life after 11 years in Army . He previously took overdose and told relatives he tried to take his own life . Coroner records misadventure verdict and praises soldier 's bravery .


Jenny-Lee and unborn baby Aroura died after refusing a blood transfusion . The 28-year-old suffered from leukaemia but refused treatment . Over 80 per cent of treated pregnant leukaemia sufferers go into remission . Her family have spoken out to defend the mother , saying she was told she had six weeks to live and chose to give up her life for her unborn daughter . Doctors and staff have described the distressing scene after the baby died and the woman suffered a fatal stroke and multi-organ failure .


A powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today. The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually make it about 40% larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. Kathmandu could be hit by more than 20 aftershocks.


Young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults , according to study . Doctors previously assumed very young babies had high pain threshold . New findings by Oxford University shows newborn babies do react to pain .


Jordan Spieth becomes the second-youngest winner of the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday . The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods ` 1997 record winning score of 18 under par . `` I 'll have to bring her back a present from here . That 's what she 'll be expecting , '' he says of his autistic sister Ellie , who was not able to attend the tournament . ``


Controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles . Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson . One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception . Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing . Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family 's safety after her son 's childcare details


the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag is embellished with rubies . the rare tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store . victoria beckham and kim kardashian both own pink hermes birkin bags .


Linda Thompson , Bruce Jenner 's second wife , has praised her former husband for being ` a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are ' She tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before Bruce 's highly-anticipated interview with Diane Sawyer is set to air on ABC . It 's the first public comment the former beauty queen has made about his rumored transition from male to female .


Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle . All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . Luckily the driver survived and was taken to hospital with only minor injuries . The incident occurred just after 11 am on Monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 Martin Luther King Way South .


Benjamin Carr, 22, killed his stepmother for £1,500 after she threatened to accuse him of being a paedophile. He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.


Ann Rule , 84 , is known for many of her crime books , notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy . Her sons Andrew Rule , 54 , and Michael Rule , 51 , are accused of defrauding and bullying her into giving them more than $ 125,000 . The pair already receive a monthly allowance of $ 25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother 's corporation . Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule .


Alondra Luna Nunez , 14 , was taken away from her family by federal police in Guanajuato , Mexico last week . She was taken to live with Dorotea Garcia , who believed she was her long-lost daughter . Garcia says she found her daughter after she traveled to Mexico in search of her daughter who was illegally taken from Texas by her father in 2007 at age four .


Evan Summerfield had just learned to laugh and giggle when he fell ill . Developed a large rash and was rushed to hospital with meningitis . Doctors battled to save the four-month-old but he died in hospital in Devon . Death has left parents Shannon and Kris confused over how quickly he fell ill .


greece is due to repay £330million loan to international monetary fund on thursday . deputy finance minister dimitris mardas has denied it will miss the payment . he said: 'we strive to be able to pay our obligations on time. we are ready to pay on april 9'


A U.N. official says the boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship . The account differs from that provided by Italian authorities on Sunday . They said that as the cargo ship King Jacob approached , migrants on the smaller boat moved .


Critically acclaimed series `` Orphan Black '' returns . `` Turn : Washington 's Spies '' starts a second season . `` Game of Thrones '' is back for season five .


Amir Khan has rejected a £ 5million fight with Kell Brook in June . Khan claims that Brook only wants to fight him for ` one big payday ' Brook will struggle to fight one of boxing 's big names , according to Khan . Khan says Brook is nowhere near Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . WATCH HERE : Mayweather vs Pacquiao official advert released . Freddie Roach : Pacquiao better equipped to beat Mayweather than in 2010 . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .


Aiko Chihira is set to start work at the Mitsukoshi department store in Tokyo . The female-looking robot , named Aiko , will only speak Japanese . She uses sign language to introduce itself to humans , according to Toshiba . The android 's appearance was n't modeled on any specific person . But it was designed to give a friendly impression . The robot is programmed with multiple human-like


Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth 's plates are moving . Over millions of years , the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina . In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake , the land mass of India has been pushed into Nepal .


U.S. will give Americans on no-fly list access to information , chance to dispute status . A June ruling said the old process violated the Fifth Amendment 's guarantee of due process . The decision was part of a lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 Americans on the list .


Stephanie Scott was a ` favourite teacher ' to many students at Leeton High School . A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their kids . Vincent Stanford , 24 , was charged with Ms Scott 's murder on Thursday . Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands to run a background check on the accused killer .


The story was written by Queen Victoria when she was 10 years old . Tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , Alice Laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . Alice befriends a host of characters , including a ` poor little French orphan ' who has been half-blinded by small pox . She is falsely accused of smuggling


dr lara briden tells daily mail australia that severe period pain can be a sign of endometriosis . endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines . pain that makes you vomit or that reaches the lower back or legs can be symptoms of endometriosis .


Meet the Australian families who have pet kangaroos in their homes . Samantha Wills rescued the joey from the side of a road nine months ago . She welcomed ` Crash ' into her family and he goes to events with them . Another owner , Suzie Nellist also found a roo when his mother died . She said they are like ` naughty toddlers ' but they make ` great pets '


australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran to be executed in indonesia . the pair were convicted of drug offenses and sentenced to death . the last australian executed for drug offenses abroad was van tuong nguyen in 2005 .


Manchester City have identified Danny Rose as a transfer target . Rose is a rising star and City 's squad is short of homegrown players . But Spus boss Mauricio Pochettino is a big fan of his left back . Tottenham will resist all summer offers for Rose .


Pilot begins in May for Prime customers who drive Audis in Germany . At the checkout , a customer pinpoints the location of their car . A DHL delivery driver will then receive a temporary digital access code . This code gives the driver keyless access to the boot and as soon as it is closed the vehicle locks automatically and the code is revoked .


Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night . Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were both ruled out of the clash . Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the game . Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a holding role . Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho 's side . CLICK HERE for


Dominique Johnson , 19 , was arrested on Wednesday and has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery . She is the roommate and alleged girlfriend of Jamyra Gallmon , 21 , who last week was charged with first-degree murder . David Messerschmitt , 30 , was stabbed to death on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel in Washington D.C. Gallmon has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer so that he was expecting to meet a man for gay sex at the hotel . When she attempted to rob him they got into a struggle and she pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed him repeatedly .


Talks run until early Thursday morning ; expected to resume hours later . Iranian minister : Other side must `` seize the moment , '' not try to pressure Iran . U.S. official : `` It is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all ''


Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . But where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom . From China to Malaysia , journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed .


Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade , who refused to leave his office when the fight broke out . McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting police officer . Mayor was holding a letter that would have placed all city employees , with the exception of dispatch , on paid administrative leave . McDade has been arrested before for domestic violence and for obstructing the government process at the scene of a fire .


San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 . Kawhi Leonard scores 32 points as Spurs take 2-1 lead in series . Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas . Houston Rockets move 3-0 ahead on Dallas Mavericks with 130-128 win . Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 106-99 in Game 3 .


Strike actions comes a day after French air traffic controllers walked out . Workers joining forces to stand up against governments austerity plans . There are around 25,000 ascents up the tower each day .


Reports police dropped investigation into Belle Gibson 's Whole Pantry . However , Victoria Police say its position has not changed . Police had been looking into charging Ms Gibson with deception . Consumer Affairs Victoria will now decide if any offences were committed . Ms Gibson expressed concern over her family 's safety in remarks to Daily Mail Australia . Ms Gibson faced backlash since close friends cast doubt about her terminal cancer diagnosis . ` My son 's childcare details were posted online , ' she claimed , adding that her address and floor plan were also made available . The popular Instagram personality still has not addressed questions about her ` cancer diagnosis '


Tom Wood is desperate to re-gather the momentum lost during the RBS 6 Nations. The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals as Clermont ran riot on their home turf. Northampton have lost their last two matches in the Six Nations.


David Cameron revealed that the London Mayor had seen him as a rival . PM said Mr Johnson ` suddenly realised ' his competition was elsewhere . Comes after he named Johnson , Osborne and May as potential successors . Mr Cameron also admitted Bullingdon Club past ` cripplingly embarrassing '


Netanyahu says third option is `` standing firm '' to get a better deal . Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran .


George North knocked out after scoring against Wasps on Friday . Concussion was the wing 's third suffered in recent months . North will sit out Saturday 's Champions Cup clash on medical advice . Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes been banned for three weeks for the incident .


It was posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-Islamic State activist in Syria . It is believed to be the latest chapter in the group 's propaganda campaign . It follows a series of shocking posts of young boys being radicalised . The terror group grooms children to take part in jihad from a young age .


stevan jovetic is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances . inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal . city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree a loan . inter remain keen on jovetic's manchester city team-mate yaya toure .


ITV meteorologist Lucy Verasamy visited Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons . Cooking lessons and luxury awaited at Raymond Blanc 's manor house . Tried the seven-course taster menu at the two Michelin-starred restaurant . The day-long Food , Body , Mind course combined nutrition and recipes .


British scientists say they have got to the ` root ' of prostate cancer . Have exposed an Achilles ' heel that could lead to better survival chances . Could mean that men get individualised treatments within a few years .


Animal Planet captures Katie the giraffe 's labor and delivery . The new baby wiggles its ears , rises , tries to nurse from its mom .


Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, was allegedly shot dead by her Marine husband Eric Heath Price on Monday. Price, 25, was charged with murder after he allegedly returned to the doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, armed with a gun and shot Mrs Price dead.


Acting Clinton Foundation CEO Maura Pally said ` Yes , we made mistakes ' Fund ` mistakenly combined ' government grants and other donations . Foundation faces criticism after report it received millions from executive who sold uranium company to Russia in State Department-approved deal . Pally said Canadian law prevented its partner from disclosing the donation . Took in $ 140million in 2013 and spent on $ 84.6 million on payroll and operations and just $ 9million on direct aid .


Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Liverpool all knocked out of Champions League. 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition. Seven alone have Manchester United connections: Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique.


Floyd Mayweather Jnr hit the swimming pool as he continued his training . Boxer did laps of the pool as well as water resistance muscle work . Mayweather Jnr is training ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao . It is now less than a month before boxing duo meet in Las Vegas .


Dozens of public servants were told their jobs would be lost in a cruel April Fools ' Day prank . The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an ` announcement ' on a big TV screen . DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt .


Polish government is set to build watchtowers along border to Kaliningrad. The towers, costing the Polish government £2.5million, will monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries. Increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland.


Prosecutors say Gianni Van killed Gonzalo Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza. Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend. Esparza was arrested in 2012, provoking an outcry from sexual assault victim advocates.


United States has deployed the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and 11 other ships off the coast of Yemen . Nine combat vessels are monitoring Iranian vessels suspected of carrying weapons to Houthi rebels in the country . Pentagon spokesman said they are monitoring the nine cargo ships but refused to say whether they would engage . Meanwhile intense fighting between Iranian-backed rebels and Saudi-led coalition rages on in the embattled nation .


Hilary Wilson , 41 , had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section . She ` died ' for 11 minutes and was technically dead for four days . When she woke up , she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth . Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born .


Nikola Karabatic was among group of players banned after betting on a Montpellier club match two years ago . Former Olympic champion will plead not guilty at trial in next few months . France 's biggest handball star now plays for Barcelona in Spanish league .


"monty python and the holy grail" premiered 40 years ago thursday . the movie was a spoof of the arthurian legend . it was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget .


Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match . Dimitri Payet received a two-game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials ` dressing room after a goalless draw with Lyon . The two clubs , bitter rivals of each other , put out identical press releases last Friday stating that they would no longer speak to Canal + until May 30 .


Emma Jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago . Within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare . Neighbour Mark Ray , 56 , had a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day . She asked Mr Ray to turn it down but was met with a


Ulster confirmed the audacious signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau. The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast. Ulster's Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France.


Davy Condon has been forced to retire due to a spinal injury . The Irish jockey fell during this month 's Grand National at Aintree . Condon was advised to retire after seeing a specialist on Wednesday .


Tavon Watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 Lamborghini into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee Gary Terry . Investigators say Terry tried to grab the wheel and ` counter steer ' the out-of-control car in the moments before the fatal wreck . Watson and Terry were wearing helmets and lap


Newport Gwent Dragons reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a thrilling 25-21 victory over Cardiff Blues . Tries from Hallam Amos , replacement Nic Cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory . Scrum-half Lloyd Williams , fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues .


Wesley Sneijder tweeted on Saturday morning: 'Finally my GalatasaraySK knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere' The striker later deleted the tweet and apologised as one fan tweeted: '15 years ago 2 Leeds fans went to Istanbul to support their team and never returned'


Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park on Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams, including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members.


england under-17s are the defending european champions . john peacock has named his squad for next month's tournament . england face holland, italy and the republic of ireland in group d .


The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam . Tiger Woods ' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn joined him during the par three contest on Wednesday . Dustin Johnson is engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky .


Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone , East London . He later became ` one of the most distinguished directors in the world . But his insecurities began to seep into his cinematography . Actress Tippi Hedren once said ` he was almost obsessed with me '


Kit Harington said Belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' on late-night chat show . The 28-year-old Londoner said he has spent five years filming in the city . He poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses on Late Night with Seth Myers .


The print ad ran in the most recent issue of Vice magazine . The controversial company is looking to rebrand after founder and former CEO Dov Charney was ousted in December following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits .


Steve McClaren has been linked with a number of jobs including Newcastle . Derby are chasing a play-off place and are sixth in the Championship . The rams have been impressed with Sean Dyche in the Premier League . Derby want the Burnley boss to replace McClaren if he leaves this summer .


Top Gear Live looked like it may face the axe following Clarkson 's hotel fracas with a producer over a steak dinner . BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of Top Gear . But corporation and presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows .


Newcastle boss John Carver is under huge pressure to perform in his role . Toon fans are planning to protest against club owner Mike Ashley . Carver could also be targeted for his poor record in his job so far . He has turned to predecessors Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer for advice .


Tamara Pacskowska , 56 , pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley . She took her daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska , 34 , along with her on the visits to help her translate . The fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house in Bayswater , West London . Pacskowski sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud .


Ruth Davison , of the National Housing Federation , is a critic of Tory plan . She bought Islington house for £ 440,000 in 2005 , now worth £ 1million . Anti-right to buy Ms Davison , is also a member of her local Labour party .


Charles Severance , 54 , has been charged with murders of Nancy Dunning , Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato , in Virginia , over the space of a decade . Prosecution want Severance , who was once a fringe candidate for political office , to stand trial for all three killings together . Claims that Severance 's ` Parable of the Knocker ' linked all three deaths . The three victims were murdered at random in broad daylight when they answered a knock at their front door .


Adrien Broner tweeted a video of himself and Amir Khan on Instagram . Khan has n't fought since December and has struggled to find an opponent . Broner tells Khan : ` Hey , tell them to make the fight , man , let 's get this money ' It 's by no means certain that the fight will go ahead . Khan is targeting a fight at the end


Utility back Francis Saili will join up with Munster later this year . The New Zealand international has signed a two-year contract . Saili made his debut for the All Blacks against Argentina in 2013 .


amanda berry, 29, and gina dejesus, 25, escaped from ariel castro's 'house of horrors' in ohio in 2013 . they have written a book, hope: a memoir of survival in cleveland, which will be released on april 27 . amanda recalled how her daughter gave her the strength to go on during the harrowing ten-year ordeal . castro lured them into his home with trust because his daughters were the girls' friends .


Paulo Dybala is being tracked by Manchester United , Chelsea and Arsenal . Inter Milan , Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are among others interested . Inter boss Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Palermo match on Sunday . Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini is demanding £ 36m from PSG . READ : Dybala says he would love a Serie A stay .


Lib Dem leader explains how his party would eradicate deficit by 2017-18 . Includes tax rises , limiting welfare rises and Whitehall spending cuts . But warns Osborne 's plan to cut £ 12billion will cause ` real pain ' Mansion tax scaled back by £ 700million but car tax to rise by £ 25-a-year .


Dawn Williamson , 39 , had been petrified of snakes since the age of 9 . She shook and cried when presented with a plastic one . Therapists Nik and Eva Speakman cured her with ` logic ' They made Dawn realise her fear was completely irrational .


chloe valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed in 2012 . her mother, ashlee polkinghorne, and her then partner benjamin robert mcpartland are in jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter through criminal neglect . chloe's grandmother belinda valentine welcomed coroner mark johns' ruling that families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed .


Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden . They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified . Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter 's passport .


Stash valued at £ 5,620 discovered in 67-year-old Christine Carriage 's home . Officers said property looked more like clothing warehouse than a dwelling . She was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court .


The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa . It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment .


honolulu museum of art handed over seven stolen artifacts to u.s. authorities . the items are believed to have been smuggled into the u.s. by an art dealer facing charges in india . the dealer, subhash kapoor, was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial .


Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai . Mainzer discovered Malala 's asteroid in June 2010 . Asteroid 316201 Malala circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years .


The overturned convertible was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway. The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious, when they pulled up. The officers scrambled to save her, while a police dash cam rolled.


The Landgate Cottage in Rye is outfitted in an earthy Atomic Age aesthetic . Travel to Brighton to experience the era of Brit-pop at Wonderland Cottage . And nothing says 1970s nostalgia like renting your own VW campervan .


Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of Chancey Luna . Luna is accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane . Lane , 22 , from Melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August 2013 when he was shot in the back .


British soldier Norman Turgel and teenage Polish girl Gena met at Belsen . He was sent to arrest her SS guards - and fell in love with her . Commander Major Leonard Berney took a personal interest in the romance . Made sure messages to each other reached their destination amid chaos . The pair wed months later when Gena , now 91 , was 20 and Norman was 24 . Stayed married for 50 years , living in London , until Norman 's death in ' 95 .


Manchester United sit eight points behind leaders Chelsea. Louis van Gaal says his side can still win the Premier League at this late stage. Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable.


the nepali pranksters were filming an episode for an internet comedy series . they were filming in jawalakhel, home to nepal's famed central zoo . they kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the streets .


Andy Lee takes on Peter Quillin at the Barclays Center on Saturday night . The 30-year-old was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title . But the Irishman failed to make the 160lb weight needed to register 160l 6 . The bout will no longer be a title fight after Quillins failed to reach the 160 lbs weight . The fight was screened live on US


The bodies of the six soldiers were found buried in a farmer 's field in Belgium in 2008 and 2010 . Efforts to identify the men were unsuccessful so their gravestones will be marked ` Known unto God ' The men , who died in October 1914 , were reburied in Prowse Point Cemetery with full military honours . Their graves will sit alongside those of more than 200 other Commonwealth soldiers in the cemetery .


EU has been investigating the US search giant 's practises for five years . 3 previous attempts to settle matter have stalled due to political pressure . One complaint is that Google Search leads users on to the firm 's own sites . Current case could result in Google being fined 10 % of its annual revenues .


Grey hair has gone glam with social media awash with images . Users posting images under the hashtag #grannyhair . Models are sporting grey hair on professional beauty shoots . Other Instagrammers are posting selfies in front of the bathroom mirror . Stars including Kelly Osborne , Nicole Richie and Lady Gaga and Rihanna have helped the trend gain traction .


` Precious ' brew has been created by Japanese liquor company Suntory . It boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and 2g of collagen per can . Collagen is a protein found in skin that provides structure and firmness . Experts are divided over how effective it is when drunk or eaten with food .


Manchester United host Manchester City in Premier League on Sunday . Mark Clattenburg has been named as the Manchester derby referee . Official sent off Vincent Kompany for Belgium and both his red cards shown in the league this season have been to United players .


Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage in danger of finishing third . Party hoped poll would show leader heading for a famous victory . Results from the ` rogue poll ' were ` unreliable ' , a Ukip spokesman said .


London Mayor praised Coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain. Said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' of the government. Comments by Johnson will be seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader.


A sneak peek at Amal Clooney 's wardrobe reveals she spends thousands of pounds on chic designer outfits . Outfits she is pictured in below cost at least £ 66,900 but George Clooney 's wife always appears effortlessly elegant . London-based lawyer often spotted across Europe in designer numbers including Prada , D&G or Stella McCartney .


widnes defeated warrington 30-10 in the cheshire derby on saturday . the game was delayed for eight minutes after a flare was thrown . warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009 .


fishermen named as aaron jones and jamie toms from jaywick, essex . built boat using insulation boards, scrap plywood and coat hangers . it held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in fish . but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick . lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket .


Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to have fled their home in Montabaur . The 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home . Friend of distraught family said : ` The hatred of the world is coming down upon her '


Arsenal take on Stoke City in Barclays Under 21 Premier League clash . Jack Wilshere and club captain Mikel Arteta have been out since November . Abou Diaby has been ravaged by injuries during nine-year spell at club . READ : Arsenal 's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , Calum Chambers , Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck keep their agents close . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .


The groom's brother lost control of the gun and fired celebratory shots into the air. The 30-second clip, believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone, has been viewed 140,000 times. Some online commentators have criticised the gunman, calling him irresponsible and unable to hold his rifle right.


Kickstarter campaign claims to have developed way to sterilise planes . Bacteria can linger in aeroplanes for up to seven days . There are no cleaning regulations for the interiors of aircraft . Robot created by father and son team Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg . Project involves using UV light to kill bacteria .


The Queen's wealth has increased year-on-year but her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen. Britain's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009. The Queen placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m.


Gareth Bale is a doubt for Real Madrid's match with Rayo Vallecano. The Welshman appeared to pick up a foot injury during training on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side face their second La Liga game in four days.


cameron hooker was handed 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of colleen stan . stan was known as 'the girl in the box' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during much of her captivity . despite hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules . parole board at corcoran state prison, where hooker is incarcerated, denied the request and


Edward Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US. He fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum. But details of the arrangement have never been made public.


Officers thought to have identified supposed ringleader of jewel thieves . Meanwhile criminologist suspects raid was inspired by plot of crime novel . Novel is based on real-life bank heists carried out the late 80s in LA . Hole In The Ground Gang used drills to bore into vaults in 1986 and 87 .


The Project accidentally mistook one African-American comic for another . They used footage of Jay Pharoah when promoting Michael Che interview . Viewers of Twitter were quick to point out the embarrassing mix-up . Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the mistake later in the program . Ironically , Aly was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up this year .


The Wicked Waffle Challenge contains an astonishing 5,000 calories . It contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 scoops of thick ice-cream , four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream . Two diners have managed to finish it in the last six months . Cafe owner Harry Harrison said : ` They ' re so stuffed after that , they completely give up `


Valerie Braham 's husband , Philippe , was killed in January 's terror attacks in Paris . He was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them Jewish . `` Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one , '' she said .


Santiago Vergini is on a season-long loan at Sunderland . Defender has an option for a two-year deal at Black Cats if they stay up . Argentine admits only downside at Wearside has been the weather .


California 's Golden State is turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought . The state has long been one of the world 's biggest producers of fruit and vegetables . In total , almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in the state -- a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39999 people . But domestic water consumption is dwarfed by


Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' following botched surgery. Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 after he said he suffered a psychiatric injury. The NHS is fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences.


tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck . they are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles and reduce wrinkles . offered at the upmarket hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide .


County supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a closed meeting . A news helicopter following the chase recorded police Tasering Pusok , putting him in handcuffs and continuing to beat him after he was subdued . The incident has prompted an FBI civil rights investigation . 10 deputies placed on leave pending an internal probe .


AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday . The 20-time champion jockey will attend Punchestown Festival this week . He will also attend the wedding of one of wife Chanelle 's friends . McCoy has challenged Channel 4 presenter Emma Spencer to a tennis match .


German discount supermarket Aldi now has a 5.3 per cent market share . In comparison , Waitrose has 5.1 per cent , according to consumer research . Both lag behind Tesco , Asda , Sainsbury 's , Morrisons and the Co-Operative . The total market share of the ` big four ' fell to its the lowest for a decade .


Samir Nasri came on as a substitute as Man City lost to Crystal Palace . Frenchman dined at Hakkasan restaurant with his girlfriend on Tuesday . Man City could use winger as bait to sign Juventus star Paul Pogba . READ : Manchester City to swoop for Jack Wilshere and Jordan Henderson . CLICK HERE for the latest Manchester City news .


the toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm . the child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he is listed in stable condition after being taken to metrohealth medical center and suffered from minor bumps and bruises .


Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriage model set up too many people for failure. She says Starter Marriage would help couples to see if they 'fit' and then start a new relationship. Couples would agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years - whatever works for you and your partner'


St. Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek , Michigan , had dismissed Rose McGrath for low attendance and poor academic performance . Rose McGrath was diagnosed with leukemia in 2012 and even though she just finished her treatment , she still feels ill a lot of the time . Rose 's mother Barbara McGrath wo n't say if her daughter will return to the school , and says is sounds like ` they 're not going to pass her anyway ' School says Rose attended just 32 full days this academic year out of 134 . Rose is now attending Lakeview Middle School , a public school in the area .


Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National . The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par . Neil admitted he needed to ` give himself a kick up the a *** ' after struggling on the professional tour .


hollywood producer harvey weinstein, 63, allegedly groped ambra battilana, 22, during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . a recorded conversation between weinstein and battilana shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed . he voluntarily spoke with police on saturday and has promised full cooperation with the investigation .


Kayla Mooney , of Danbury , Connecticut , was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy 's girlfriend to school officials . Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations .


The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. The man's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson.


rickie fowler's girlfriend alexis randock posted a photo on instagram . a troll called 'fatalsplash' accused alexis of being a 'gold digger' . fowler called the troll a moron and commended her for supporting herself .


Bob McDonnell used his office to benefit a nutritional supplement company whose president lavished gifts on him and his wife . His lawyers argue that he never performed any ` official acts ' for Star Scientific , a company that sought support for his ` Anatabloc ' supplement . McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife got one year and one day ; they 're both free pending appeals . Three-judge federal court panel will hear the former governor 's appeal on May 12 .


Two thirds are also not willing to consider joining into a group to ensure at least one surgery in an area is open on Saturdays and Sundays . But weekend trials show numbers going to A&E fell by 8 to 10 per cent . Survey by British Medical Association also found most felt 10 minute appointments to short , while heavy workloads meant patient care suffered .


Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross , the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial . They concluded that Anne and Margot probably did not survive to March 1945 .


dr. sergio canavero says he has secured funding for a human whole head transplant . he says the first patients will be people suffering from a muscle wasting disease . canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure .


House of Cards follows a ruthless Democrat congressman 's rise to power . Set in Washington , the hit US TV series features the capital 's best sights . Discover the famous and lesser-known gems in Washington , DC .


Bloomberg , 73 , is reportedly considering standing for London mayor 's job in 2016 . He has significant business interests in the city , and owns a $ 30million mansion . Bloomberg holds U.S. citizenship , but officials could arrange a switch . London is due a new mayor in 2016 , and Boris Johnson could run again .


april 12, 1945, charlie cleveland was assassinated at chicago daily news . bob greene remembers the day he was assassinated .


Incredible footage shows the moment an 'apocalyptic' weather storm struck Belarus. It was filmed from a high rise apartment in the province of Salihorsk, south of the capital of Minsk. As dark clouds move over the city, the entire area is plunged into darkness.


Police said the circumstances of the disappearances of Hannah Wilson and Lauren Spierer are ` eerily similar ' Spierer , 20 , went missing in 2011 after a night partying with friends ; her body has never been found and no criminal charges have been filed . Wilson 's body was found on rural land about 10 miles away last Friday and it is believed she died of blunt force trauma . Daniel Messel , 49 , has been arrested in her death ` after a cellphone at her feet was traced back to him and he had blood inside his car '


The Government 's drug regulator has approved a ` herbal remedy ' Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief , contains sigesbeckia . The traditional Chinese herb is traditionally used to treat aches and pains . Dr Uzma Ali advises patients with aches to take a curcumin supplement .


The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste . Realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak , the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free . The video maker then picks up a little heat gun and begins thawing out the ice around the fly .


Service for Scott , 50 , in Summerville , South Carolina , was attended by hundreds of mourners . Dr George Hamilton , Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D Ministries , called officer Michael Slager a ` racist ' and a ` disgrace ' Fiery speech was given before a crowd of hundreds of mourners , and over Scott 's casket , draped in a U.S. flag . Distraught mother Judy Scott accompanied her son , who was shot dead last Saturday . Family were given a police escort on the way to the funeral , by a separate force to the officer who shot Scott . Congressman Jim Clyburn -LRB- D-SC -RRB- and Senator Tim Scott -LRB- R-SC -RRB- attended , as did Charleston County 's sheriff . Slager , a North Charleston police officer , was filmed shooting Scott five times in the back as he ran . Officer had pulled him over moments before on a routine traffic stop . His death was filmed by an onlooker . Family said Scott may have run because he owed $ 18,000 in child support , and that he routinely avoided police .


Company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors. More than 200 people were found queuing outside the new store when it officially opened at 8am this morning. More than 200 people were found queuing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals.


John Terry was involved in race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . Chelsea defender was banned for four matches and fined by FA . Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing then-QPR defender . Blues captain will face Rio Ferdinand 's QPR side at Loftus Road on Sunday . Team-mate Gary Cahill says he will be able to deal with hostile atmosphere .


Kathleen Bailey , 70 , was given power of attorney over friend 's finances . Her 87-year-old victim was battling breast cancer and had no children . Bailey helped herself to at least £ 1,500 and took trips to north Wales . She was given suspended jail sentence after admitting one charge of theft .


New Yorker Sarah Theeboom stopped washing her hair six years ago. She decided to give up using shampoo after a friend told her. She was inspired to give up after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.


daphne selfe, 86, has starred in new campaign for vans and & other stories . the supermodel from baldock, hertfordshire, has been dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel' .


Mohamed Hamdin , 24 , appeared at Downing Centre Court for his indecent assault hearing on Tuesday . NSW police say Hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ ign at Enmore Theatre . Charges were laid against Hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the Australia Day rap concert .


Bruce Jenner 's second wife Linda Thompson says she learned of his `` gender issues '' during their marriage . She says she can breathe easier now that he can be `` who he authentically is ''


NEW: A judge orders Knight to stand trial for murder and other charges. Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted. Knight's bail was lowered to $10 million from $25 million.


GOP Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday. He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.


Celtic are considering a £ 400,000 move for Hearts captain Danny Wilson . Hoops could struggle to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk while loanee John Denayer is expected to return to Manchester City . Scottish Championship winners claim they have no need to sell .


Stephanie Scott, 26, was found dead at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night. Her body was found by police on the night before she was due to marry her fiancé. Police believe the body is that of Ms Scott who was murdered on Friday.


Leo Grand launched his own app in August 2013, and became a media sensation. He was offered a $100 deal to teach him to code. Grand, who once said he wasn't 'the average homeless person,' said he is still homeless.


The 10 were arrested in Swat , a district of Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . Malala Yousafzai was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus in 2012 . She survived and went on to become an even more vocal activist .


Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne . ` Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials , ' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television . But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline . ` I neither support nor oppose the deal , since nothing has happened yet , ' he said .


Alastair Clarkson has been filmed pushing and grabbing the neck of an Adelaide Power fan after Hawthorn 's loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday . The intoxicated fan is seen harassing Clarkson outside his Adelaide hotel . Clarkson was ` pushed , shoved all the way to the door , ' Hawks CEO says .


Manchester City are currently nine points behind league leaders Chelsea . City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday evening . Joe Hart has said his side will not give up on retaining the title .


jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester against edinburgh on friday . the 25-year-old has lost his england starting place due to injury . may's mother taught pop star ed sheeran to play the guitar as a child .


Self-styled ` angry Leftie revolutionary and magician ' Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election . The 24-year-old used his ` @bbcgen2015 ' Twitter page to make the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan .


Fossils of a creature bearing a striking similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection . It is thought the fossil was found in Cromarty and would have once lived in a freshwater lake between 542 million years ago to 251 million years ago . Researchers have revealed that Pterichthyoides milleri - or ` Pessie ' - lived on the bottom of the lakes that would later become Loch Ness .


Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday . Brendan Rodgers is considering recalling Dejan Lovren . Lovren has been out of the team recently , but could return against Blackburn . Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday .


Cyber experts reconstructed searches on pilot 's tablet from March 16 to 23 . Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit and crashed jet a day after last search . He ` lied to doctors by saying he was on sick leave when he was still flying ' Co-pilot was prescribed ` anti-anxiety drug that can increase risk of suicide ' DNA has been found from all 150 people on board . 40 ` very very damaged ' mobile phones also found at the site .


anthony ray hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 killings of two birmingham restaurant managers . a new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified the revolver he used couldn't be matched to evidence in either case . hinton, 58, has maintained his innocence .


Mila Kunis ' ` childhood friend from Ukraine ' is suing her for $ 5,000 . Kristina Karo claims Kunis ` stole her pet chicken ' as children . Karo , now in LA , claims she has been traumatised by the event . She is suing actress for emotional distress and therapy bills .


Kevin Gill , 45 , from Naples , Florida , was arrested after Collier County deputies found a small alligator inside his family 's home . He had found the injured gator and given it to his 13-year-old son to nurse it back to health . Gill said he thought his son could care for the reptile while learning about gators .


Two suspected Australian terrorists have been arrested in Turkey . They were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State . It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia . The extradition treaty covers the detention and extradition of Australian foreign fighters .


George Davon Kennedy has been arrested in the case of a gang rape in Panama City Beach . He is from Murfreesboro , Tennessee , and has been a student at Middle Tennessee State University . Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped in broad daylight as bystanders watched .


Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East . The Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control .


Cheryl Prudham , 33 , from Kent , planning to renew vows with husband Rob . Pair splashing out on hotel , gown , limousine and casino gambling money . Even wants to try for 13th child there so she can boast it is conceived in LA . Comes just weeks after pair reunited following split over Mr Prudham 's indecent Facebook messages .


floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the bout is being billed as 'the fight of the century' mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record .


Derby were held 2-2 at home to Watford in the Championship on Friday . Watford had Marco Motta dismissed and Derby moved 2-1 up . But Watford equalised through Odion Ighalo and held on for a point .


scientists say mars could have puddles of salty water at night . they've long thought brine could pull water vapor into the martian soil . the new study is based on a year of monitoring by the curiosity rover .


The 32-year-old , known only as SAKA , admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops , but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor 's son .


Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.


Former model Jennifer Sky , 38 , claims that models are being asked to stuff their underwear with sandbags so they can clock in at a ` healthy ' weight . The activist says she is against France 's new law , which bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low .


A court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via Facebook . Danny Cevallos : Why not let people be found via social media ?


A . Alfred Taubman , a real estate developer , died Friday at the age of 91 . He helped define suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls . In 1983 , he bought the renowned international auction house Sotheby 's and was jailed in 2002 . He was released in 2003 after serving nine months in prison for conspiring with rival auction house Christie 's to fix commission


Tanguy Pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon , had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon . But with less than 100m to go , Pepiot slowed down and raised his hands . The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum , opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line .


New York teen Daria Rose lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven Ivy League schools . Rose and her family lived in multiple hotels and at her grandmother 's house for a year and a half after the 2012 superstorm . In a college application essay , Rose spoke of her Hurricane Sandy experience .


The Norfolk Southern train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121 , near Trenton , South Carolina , shortly after 8.30 pm on Friday night . At the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia-a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak , sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation . It is


Former Treasurer Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government in an opinion piece in the Daily Telegraph on Tuesday . He said there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher , more complicated and less economic . He also slams Labor and the Greens , saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap Australians in poverty .


Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council about fly-tipping . 65-year-old signed off his email with : ` That 's why I 'll be voting Ukip ' Councillor Ben Grower responded and said he would delete further emails .


Stall-owner Tania Rahman , 27 , was invited to take part in the celebrations . But then Salisbury Council told her food was n't English enough for event . She called move ` discriminatory ' and said St George was born in Palestine . And locals were also left furious forcing council to do embarasing U-turn .


Julian Zelizer : Hillary Clinton has immense political and governmental experience . He says she needs to make stronger connection to her party 's base . Clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity , Zelizer says .


The film 's cast is diverse . EW points out that Hollywood still needs to catch up . One of the stars says the franchise has evolved .


The captain claimed that the co-pilot assaulted him , Indian media reported . Air India insists the pair had an argument and there was no violence . Incident occurred shortly before the plane flew from Delhi to Jaipur . Reports suggest the co-pilot has faced similar accusations in the past .


Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 . Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning .


Thomas Buckett , 21 , broke in to tuck shop at school in Stoke in May 2010 . He fell through the roof after friends dared him to jump on skylight and suffered horrific head injuries . Family sued county council saying they should have protected the building . But after a judge threw out their claim they face legal bill of up to £ 260,000 .


Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . Police say he came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead . His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce .


michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup, zayla . footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up . she's then handed another fry - but this time around she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer .


Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon , Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left . The stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun . He was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle . The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene . Walmart claims the wire could have been knocked loose because of the impact from the car .


Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for the visitors with his second goal in three games for the visiting side . But Jonjo Shelvey converted from the spot in the second half after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty area . Shelvey had a goal ruled out by referee Michael Oliver after Leighton Baines was adjudged to have been fouled . The 1-1 draw leaves Swansea eighth in the Premier League table with Roberto Martinez 's men sitting in 12th .


Hina Shamim , 21 , was killed in crash close to University of Kingston . She was knocked down and pinned against a wall as she walked to library . BMW driver , 34 , arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving . Six others , including five children , taken to hospital with injuries .


The red sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in Siberia . The fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region . The smoke from the fires was picked up by atmospheric winds . The winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Northwest .


St Mary 's Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the birth . But Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth in Norfolk on standby . Plans in case Kate goes into labour while visiting parents or country estate .


Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have been in scintillating form in recent games . The pair have both bagged braces in Manchester United 's last two victories . Mata was the two-goal hero during United 's 2-1 win against Liverpool in May . Herrera followed up his compatriot 's achievement with a brace against Aston Villa .


Stunning pictures were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire , who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry . butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers , giving them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera . Each scale of a butterfly is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring , but eye-catching blues , greens ,


just 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . more than 70 per cent of britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning . most know it should be cooked until all the pink bits are done . worryingly, 32 per cent of young people believe washing raw chicken before cooking is a good way to avoid poisoning .


a newly-released video has highlighted the shocking price differences between near-identical products and services offered to men and women . the clip was created by hln's the daily share and illustrates the prevalence of this 'women's tax' the practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the us .


the question, 'so when is cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . at first, it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out . the answer was july 16 .


Nicholas Dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon , and demanded a free meal after waiting an hour and a half for his omelette . The Upper East Side resident , who lives near the restaurant , was arrested and charged with assault following the incident , police said .


Landlady Deborah Steel , 37 , was last seen alive on 28 December 1997 . Police have dug up the patio of the Royal Standard pub where she worked . A 73-year-old man is on bail and two others have had theirs cancelled . Detectives believe she was murdered , but body has never been found .


staffordshire-boxer cross leo was hunting for dog treats when he switched on the hob . the heat from one of the hob's rings set fire to a child's car seat that had been left resting on the appliance . owner allen mosey's son and daughter's boyfriend managed to escape unharmed .


Liverpool are interested in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile . The Italy international has not had the best of times in Germany . Liverpool are also interested in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia . Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from Inter Milan . Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut .


Channel Islands were the only parts of the British Isles occupied in the war . May 9 is the 70th anniversary of the islands ' liberation from German rule . Guernsey , Jersey et al are marking the occasion with a five-week festival .


Serena Williams beat 12th seed Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 . World No 1 won the final 10 games in a one-sided final . Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win . The American won her eighth Miami Open title in 14 years .


Disused Rhondda Tunnel closed 50 years ago as part of sweeping closures . Engineers due to visit 3,148 m tunnel next week for first time since it closed . Cyclists could retrace steam locomotives ' route from Rhondda to Swansea . It would be world 's second longest cycle tunnel , after 4,000 m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle , U.S.


Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by Burmese court . The 32-year-old bar manager was found guilty of insulting religion . The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists . Human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the Foreign Office .


ronald koeman has promised not to leave southampton this summer . the dutch manager is not interested in joining barcelona or neymar . only a point is needed to break the record premier league points tally .


chris copeland of the indiana pacers was stabbed after leaving a new york nightclub . two atlanta hawks, who had just finished a home game, were among those arrested .


celebrity chef will present simply nigella on bbc 2 . show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' . will be her first solo venture with broadcaster since court case involving charles saatchi .


Fritz the Golden Retriever was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter . He miserably failed to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth . Despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw and hits the grass instead . Owner Evan Ball hopes that one day the dog will be able to achieve the ` paw-fect ' catch .


The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa . The posting comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight . Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon . YouTube commenters pointed out inaccuracies in the video , such as the appearance of rocks around the Opera House and the cardboard-esque appearance of the


Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point . 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month . Emergency services took more than 1,600 calls for grass fires from Friday to Monday . Cost of fighting the blazes has risen close to # 500,000 since the month began .


Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. She then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it.


Choc on Choc 's Limited Edition Political Chocolates come in three flavours . David Cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , Ed Miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb .


Holland beat Spain 2-0 at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday night . Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored goals for Holland . Defeat recalls horror 5-1 defeat by Holland at the World Cup . Vicente del Bosque used game to give younger Spain players a chance .


The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind ` Gone Girl abduction ' of Denise Huskins now says he will turn himself in to police . He revealed this in an email to the San Francisco Chronicle , and said that his co-conspirators must be given immunity . He then said if police did not agree to this deal , he would go teach English overseas or ` go off the grid ' Huskins and her boyfriend Aaron Quinn have yet to make a public statement about the kidnapping . Huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home on March 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away in her childhood hometown . Her boyfriend Quinn , 30 , was allegedly tied up and monitored by the kidnappers , which is why he could not go to police for 12 hours .


75 people were inside Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway . 13 were treated for minor injuries and one woman had a serious but non-life threatening head injury . Parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation . The cause of the ceiling collapse is currently under investigation .


Adjoining homes are virtually identical , boasting indoor pool and sea views . But one of the beachfront homes in Poole has an extra en-suite bedroom . Properties have replaced a four-storey house which was sold for £ 4.5 m. Lloyds Property Group said they would suit couple who like independence .


U.S. , Venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow Obama , Castro meeting . Venezuelan President says United States moved to oust him ; he has the support of the Cuban foreign minister .


The Paleo Way co-authors say they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings. The book was supposed to be released last month but was delayed before being cancelled completely by Pan Macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth.


Raquel D'Apice, a mother-of-one from New Jersey, has filled a void on the internet by providing a wide range of hilarious spoof reviews seemingly written by frustrated owners displeased with their young baby children.


Six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger -LRB- part lion , part tiger -RRB- were taken from Kenny Hetrick 's Stony Ridge farm in January . It was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe ' Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild animals following an incident in 2011


Thai Airways introduces animated characters from `` Adventure Time '' The Airbus A320 features Jake , Finn and Princess Bubblegum . The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4 .


Nicola Bonn , a journalist and broadcaster , shares her candid account . Says she 's found becoming a new mother ` exciting yet utterly petrifying ' Is fed up of other mothers judging her and giving her advice .


9 in 10 teens go online every day , unable to resist the lure of Facebook . Parents also face a nightmare monitoring children as 71 % of teens use more than one social network , the Pew Research Centre found . Nearly three-quarters of teens have or have access to a smartphone .


British No 1 defeated Tomas Berdych 6-4 , 6-4 to reach Miami Open final . There 's no love lost between the pair after controversy at Australian Open . Dani Valverdu and Jez Green switched from Murray 's team to the Czech 's . Brit will play Novak Djokovic in the final on Sunday .


Small businesses will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend . Penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times pay are affecting employees . The inflated penalty rates allow casual workers to earn up to $ 50 an hour . The Australian Chamber of Commerce has called on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates to help small operators . But Unions has claimed workers are being subjected to a false and misleading campaign .


British No 2 Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2 , 6-3 in just 70 minutes . Bedene represents Great Britain after switching allegiance from Slovenia in March . The 25-year-old will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals . Bedene will face world number 313 Lamine Ouahab in the last eight .


piers morgan says arsenal should replace arsene wenger with jurgen klopp . klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . morgan says klopp would be arsenal's jose mourinho .


Coronation Street execs have ditched a ban on talent doing voiceover work . Former star Katy Cavanagh had been ticked off for doing BBC Iplayer ad . Show 's other actors staged a ` mutiny ' , forcing ban to be overturned . Other actors who 've cashed in include Benedict Cumberbatch -LRB- Pedigree -RRB- , Olivia Colman -LRB- Andrex -RRB- , Shane Richie -LRB- Plenty kitchen roll -RRB-


Ron Aydelott , coach of the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , sustained serious facial injuries in the attack .


Geologists studied rocks in the United Arab Emirates that would have been on the ocean floor during the Great Dying 252 million years ago . From this they could create a climate model to plot the mass extinction . They believe volcanic eruptions released carbon dioxide into the oceans . And rising acidity ` dealt the final blow ' to an already unstable ecosystem .


QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Sunday . Chelsea captain John Terry was banned for four games and fined # 220,000 . Rio Ferdinand , who labelled Terry an idiot for the abuse aimed at his brother , wo n't be fit in time for a reunion with the Chelsea skipper .


Clean-water advocate Christopher Swain took a 1.8-mile swim in the polluted Gowanus Canal. Swain took the plunge to urge the EPA to clean up the site. The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up.


scientists at gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . their work has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never, ever tap your razor on the sink . it also settles the debate about whether you should go with, or against the grain .


Death ring is made up of I-80 and Route 101 which run beside the bay . Other hotspots include Sacramento and Route 94 in San Diego County . The map uses different coloured markers to highlight the species at risk . Scientists believe the drought has caused animals to take bigger risks .


It interrupted a State Department briefing and forced the White House onto back-up generators . Outage ` briefly had an impact on the White House complex ' but it was ` back on the regular power source ' an hour and a half later . White House press secretary says he was in the Oval with the president when it happened , and it was barely noticeable . Related to a dip in power in a transmission line at a Maryland facility , power company says ; another report says it may have been an explosion . Homeland Security says there 's no evidence of malicious activity .


This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .


Taffee the Shetland pony had to be put down after the breeze block attack . Tiny pony 's skull was caved in and concrete was found embedded in brain . Charlene Bishop , who is 17 months old , groomed her horse every day . Mother says epileptic toddler ` has lost her best friend and is devastated ' WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .


Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley . Tried to sell her £ 1million Bayswater mews home from under her nose . Recruited daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska to translate agent meetings . They planned to sell the home to fellow conman Benjamin Khoury , aged 26 .


FC United of Manchester was set up as a club in protest of the Glazer family 's takeover of Manchester United . Their 1-0 over Stourbridge on Tuesday night has sealed their fourth promotion as Evo-Stik Northern Premier Champions . It means that the club are just two promotions off the Football League .


Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers ' tough run-in could mean they miss out on second place in the Scottish Championship to Hibernian . Rangers face difficult fixtures against Hearts and Queen of the South . Murray played for both Rangers and Hibs during his career .


Oxford scored for under 21 side in 3-2 loss to Man United on Tuesday . The goal will push 16-year-old 's claim for a first-team debut . Centre-back has trained with West Ham first team this season . CLICK HERE for the latest West Ham United news .


Steve Ashton was horrified by the meal served to his mother Joan , 81 . The elderly woman lives in Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn , Newport . Her son is campaigning for changes to ensure better food standards . Mr Ashton 's photo of ` terrible ' serving of food was shared 129,000 times . Send your photos to jennifer.smith@mailonline.co.uk or call 02036150193 .


Arkansas woman finds a 3.69-carat diamond in Arkansas state park . Crater of Diamonds is the planet 's only public diamond search site .


Tina Sinatra laughed when asked if Mia Farrow 's son Ronan was her brother . The 66-year-old told Roger Friedman : ` Could n't be . Frank had a vasectomy before that ' In 2013 , Farrow admitted Sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of Woody Allen .


Doctors believe low fluid intake led to David Crossley 's kidney stones . Ultrasound and CT scan revealed two very large stones in his right kidney . One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising . Changing diet trends such as low-carb are also pushing sufferer figures up . ` Animal proteins break down into uric acid - a known stone-former '


Dozens of people clambering around debris of Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies in front of wreckage . Taking pictures amongst rubble of historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to pile of red brick dust . But one rescuer said those taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy ' Not clear how many people were killed in tower in quake-hit city , but it was said to have been filled with tourists .


Dawn MacKeen : 2015 marks 100th anniversary of slaughter of Armenians by Ottoman Empire . Kim Kardashian has used fame to spotlight this . She says Armenian community has long sought global recognition of the atrocity , but it took a Kardashian to catapult it into the news .


Bridewell Prison transformed from dark and uninspiring building into bright and airy hotel . The jail used to house inmates for court appearances and short sentences following petty crimes . Former cells across four floors have been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with en suite bathrooms .


Hashim Amla has been recruited to replace Martin Guptill after the New Zealander was called up by his country for the Test series against England. South Africa Test captain Amla, 31, will begin his short stint with Derbyshire in the Division Two championship fixture at home to Northamptonshire on May 10. He said: 'I'm delighted to have the opportunity to play in England this summer.


Andrew Chan is the youngest of four children and the son of Chinese immigrants who worked as a supervisor for a catering company . Myuran Sukumaran , a university drop-out and the eldest of three , lived with his parents while working in a mail room . Both men revealed that flashy lifestyles attracted them to drug smuggling . They were arrested in 2005 for organising eight kilos of heroin to be smuggled out of Indonesia , and sentenced to death five months later . In nearly ten years on death row , Chan found God and become a Christian pastor ; Sukumaran became an artist .


Models Abbey and Lily are joined by Alice Dellal and singer Foxes . The women are pictured ` wearing ' their support . Abbey , 29 , says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work . Campaign has raised £ 13.5 m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer 's research .


Tim Sherwood saw Aston Villa go behind twice before clinching a point in Tuesday 's 3-3 draw with QPR . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for the home side as the relegation strugglers shared the points at Villa Park . Villa have six games to secure Premier League safety - including trips to Man City , Tottenham and Southampton .


Jonathan Gottschall : Millions to tune in to see Mayweather-Pacquiao fight , but this does n't show resurgence of declining sport of boxing . So why will so many watch?He says a fight is metaphor for the whole human condition , with everything noble and ugly on display .


Melvin the giraffe was killed by an antelope at Norwegian zoo . Giraffe gored by antelope horn as he was stuck in a fence . Around 30 people , many of them children , witnessed death .


Aston Villa have priortised Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo . The 22-year-old was player of the tournament during Australia 's Asian Cup in January . The midfielder has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season . The Sydney-born star joined Tottenham in January 2011 after impressing on trial from Australian semi-professional outfit APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC . He has made 36 appearances for the Robins this season-scoring


Nurhayada Sofia, six, was dragged by escalator at shopping centre in Malaysia. CCTV footage shows the tragic incident at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall. Nurhayada was playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator.


Study suggests that as well as expressing their emotional state, the pained faces of rats may have a 'communicative function' They may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help. The researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks.


The Italian coast guard says 8,480 migrants were rescued from Friday to Monday . Save the Children said Tuesday 400 migrants could be missing from a boat . The Italian coast guard can not confirm that report .


The 38-year-old suspect was questioned by Kansas City police after neighbors complained he was blasting music in his 2007 Infinity . Instead of handing over his ID , driver smiled , said ` I 'm out ! ' and took off . After crashing into bridge , the man stripped down to his underwear and jumped into Brush Creek . It took cops armed with a BB gun 15 minutes to fish out the fugitive .


Tiffanie DiDonato, from Swansboro, North Carolina, is 4'10 tall and is constantly re-teaching herself to walk because of the stiff muscles and arthritis. The 34-year-old mom from Swansboro, North Carolina, has certain physical limitations.


Tottenham Hotspur beat Arsenal 3-1 in the 1991 FA Cup semi-final . Paul Gascoigne scored a 35-yard free-kick that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley . The goal came five minutes into the match at Wembley on April 14 , 1991 .


The Masters 2015 is almost here. To help get you in the mood for the first major of the year, Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose, plus past Masters champions Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel, give the lowdown on every hole at the world-famous Augusta National Golf Club.


Jonathan Trott has struggled on his Test comeback against West Indies . Ben Stokes took to Twitter to voice his frustration with a no-ball call . Former England Rugby 2015 chief executive Debbie Jevans has made her first public appearance since that Twickenham storm .


fabien le coq's photo series "treesome" was shot between 2012 and 2014 . the series reflects le coq's travels through france and central america and asia . le coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection .


John Caudwell says the boy was shot and crawled into a bedroom to die . Women visitors to the Staffordshire pile have felt the bed vibrate . Other guests sense a ghostly presence brushing past them on stairs . But Mr Caudwell insists the young spirit is friendly and means no harm .


The Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing . It 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect . Prince George 's first year-which boosted the economy by # 247m-is anything to go by . A little girl could bring in # 150m for the British economy . The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days after


Michael Conlan and Paddy Barnes split the decision in their bout in Venezuela. Conlan won 49-46 on two judges' cards and will now fight in Rio. Barnes reached the Olympics with a split-decision win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol.


Aaron Finch suffered injury setback during Indian Premier League match . Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said the injury ` looked bad ' Finch tweeted on Wednesday scans ` showed a bit of damage '


detective patrick cherry is a member of the joint terrorism task force . he was filmed ranting at an uber driver after the driver honked his horn . detective cherry questioned the driver's command of the english language . he is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board .


Christine Lillico , 47 , was supposed to look after her elderly parents ' bank accounts . But instead she stole almost £ 80,000 from them over a six year period . She spent some of the money on shopping sprees in JD Sports and B&Q . The money was also used to pay for photography services and an XBox . Her father was left in debt for the first time in his life because of her crimes . Newcastle Crown Court heard he was too poor to afford a telephone .


Elderly fishermen in Guilin , China , keep the unusual , ancient tradition of cormorant bird fishing alive . The bird , which they have often raised from a chick , dives into the water and retrieves a carp for its owner . This is an ecologically safe way of fishing , as the birds are not harmed and the men only catch what they need .


Bob Arum, the PacMan's veteran promoter, ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines. Arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins, during which the same questions are often asked over and over again by different callers, many from the social media.


Customer being charged one yuan -LRB- 11p -RRB- extra as an ` air-purifying fee ' Eight air purifiers operate 24 hours a day between two floors . Manager says move will raise awareness about air pollution . Customers said they think fresher air makes their drinks more enjoyable . The café is located in Hangzhou , which had 154 days of smog last year .


Zuriel Oduwole is the youngest filmmaker in the world. She has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues. Oduwole is self-taught and uses online editing and voice software.


The car , which was carrying 12 , crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County , on central Florida 's Atlantic Coast . Authorities say Uriel Miranda , 38 , died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital . Authorities said Uriel and the toddler were not wearing seat belts .


Julian Zelizer : Elizabeth Warren was defiant about Wall Street , but Hillary Clinton likely wo n't be . Zelizer : The Democrats need Wall Street 's campaign donations to be competitive in 2016 .


Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on Javier Hernandez 's celebration . Former Arsenal striker took exception to Hernandez celebrating ` like he 'd won the World Cup ' after scoring the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday night . Henry then posted an 84-minute video of former Barcelona midfielder Michael Laudrup .


The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in January . Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss , while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots . Harrah 's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban , and a hearing is scheduled .


Russian authorities have cancelled the release of Hollywood 's Child 44 . The blockbuster film stars Tom Hardy , Gary Oldman and Vincent Cassel . It depicts a private investigator attempting to hunt down a serial child killer . Russia 's culture minister accused the film of ` distortion of historical facts '


Rihanna Cooper , 21 , from Hull , is working as an escort to pay for genital op . Became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for sex swap at 16 . Part way through treatment , she decided she actually wanted to be a boy . She had hormone injections but stopped treatment after 2 suicide attempts . Now she says she does want to be a woman and is paying for her treatment .


the officer said he was appalled by the labour peer's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner's alleged sex abuse . the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue . it even invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament .


Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at charity auction in Chipping Norton . He said : ` In the olden days when I used to work for BBC , I could n't say s * * * - but I am not , so I will say sc * * ' He also joked he was ` trawling the job centre ' for a hosting job . It


joe root scored 182 runs on day four of the second test in grenada . the yorkshire batsman was left stranded at the middle of the wicket . root threw down his helmet and gloves after james anderson's run out . anderson carelessly strolled back and failed to run his bat into the ground .


michael jacobs opened the scoring for blackpool in the ninth minute . emile heskey, neil danns and eidur gudjohnsen equalised for bolton . blackpool have not won away from home in 343 days .


Margaret Gretton has been banned from teaching for labelling an Asian job applicant 'Taliban' The headteacher referred to special needs pupils as 'roadkill' She also made monkey noises on one occasion when talking about black people.


England ace Joe Hart labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' Hart said after the 1-1 draw with Italy that Buffon was an inspiration. Hart, who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday night, said Buffon was an inspiration.


Methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributing to climate change. The gas is 23 times more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat and is currently being targeted by government in an attempt to mitigate global warming.


Aaron Jones and Jamie Toms spent just £ 9 on the DIY boat . They used insulation boards , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue to make the 6ft vessel . The pair had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue without any problems .


Methyl Bromide was improperly used in U.S. Virgin Islands resort that family was staying in when they were poisoned . Steve Esmond , his wife Theresa Divine and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill while staying at the Sirenusa Resort in St. John . U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said the toxic pesticide may have been improperly applied in locations in Puerto Rico as well . EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said she is not aware of anyone sickened by the pesticide in Puerto Rico .


Cloud appeared in central China 's Hunan province last Friday . A university student snapped the moment on his way to the library . Picture has sparked tongue-in-cheek debate on Mother Nature 's password .


dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington, d.c. perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy, but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions . she wrote in her new book and the good news is: lessons and advice from the bright side .


Attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans , including a 14-year-old boy . About 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence . In 2008 , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg .


Grant Shapps has been accused of altering Wikepedia pages of his rivals . The Tory Party chairman is in charge of the party 's election campaign . He has denied the claims calling them ` an extreme dirty tricks campaign ' David Cameron stood up for Shapps saying he is doing ` a great job '


Bobby Brown has maintained his daughter is awake from her coma . Maternal grandmother Cissy Houston updated fans clarifying that her grandchild is ` no longer in a medically induced coma ' But Cissy explained that her granddaughter is irreversibly brain damaged and unresponsive . The hospitalised woman 's 46-year-old father told fans at a Dallas concert on Saturday that ` Bobbi is awake . She 's watching me ' On Monday , his wife Alicia tried to clarify Bobby 's statement saying ` she has made it out of ICU and opened her eyes ' A source close to the Houston family shared that they ` have no idea where Bobby is getting his information ' The 22-year-old only child of the late Whitney Houston was first hospitalized on January 31 after being found face down and unconscious in a bathtub at her Georgia home .


Karen Catherall , 45 , was beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jefferys . They met weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish before he killed her . Police revealed the mother-of-two tried to call 999 on night of her murder . Call handler got no response and so the call was not connected to police .


Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house . The luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean . Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 . The exquisite design captures the quintessential Australian beachside home .


Al-Shabaab 's attack on Garissa University College is the group 's deadliest so far in Kenya . Authors : The group is under pressure from African Union forces and a covert U.S. war .


Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as the San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday. The newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year was in excellent form for the reigning NBA champions. The Clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the Staples Center.


Tiger Woods has made his first public appearance for 60 days . He had been on hiatus to recover from injury and a dip in form . Woods warmed up at the Augusta course ahead of the 2015 Masters . The 39-year-old was given a warm welcome back by the crowd .


manchester city travel to old trafford to face manchester united on sunday . louis van gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing city . van gaal believes man city will not be as defensive as aston villa .


a new kansas law bans what it calls "dismemberment abortion" the law allows for the procedure if "necessary to protect the life or health of the mother"


Adriana Alvarez, 22, says she is barely getting by with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy. Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.


Steven Pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season . The 33-year-old midfielder has made just 11 appearances this term . Pienaar made his comeback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea City . But muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over Burnley last weekend .


Arjen Robben has missed his side 's last three games through injury . The Bayern Munich winger is expected to miss match against Porto . Robben has said it ` is the worst situation for a footballer ' to be in .


Australian and Philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours . They include Philippines maid Mary Jane Velos and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair .


jerome r. hunt, 54, of hayward, california, climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex about 10:25 p.m. the man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the south lawn but "was compliant" once he saw the dogs ready to engage with thim .


Lionel Messi has played at Celtic Park three times with Barcelona to date . Celtic failed to qualify for the Champions League this season . Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-finals this campaign .


The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row . They include Filipino maid Mary Jane Veloso and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . `` The chances are slim but we ` re hoping for a miracle . That 's what we need , a miracle , '' sister says . The 10 inmates , from Australia , France , Ghana , the


A study suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia . Those who had a BMI of 25 to 29 had an 18 per cent lower risk . Having more fat when you fall ill is associated with better recovery . Remarkably the obese -LRB- with a BMI of 30 plus -RRB- did even better .


Nicklas Bendtner was not included in the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's draw against Schalke. The Denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad after his poor timekeeping landed him in hot water with manager Dieter Hecking.


C.J Miles and George Hill were in impressive form during win over Wizards . Pacers have chance of making fifth straight playoff appearance . LA Lakers won final game in regular season against Phoenix Suns .


Manny Pacquiao held an open workout at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles on Wednesday. The Filipino star is set to fight Floyd Mayweather in May 2 at the MGM Grand. He said he wants to pass the lessons learned on to the American.


Darwin body builder Phil Primmer died on Thursday after collapsing . He 'd just returned from doctor 's appointment to try and treat a sore neck . Phil was a celebrated competitor winning the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association 's Southern Hemisphere Championship . His son Shannan posted a heartfelt tribute on his father 's Facebook page .


Feel like a James Bond villain with the most advanced submerged ocean vehicles . Some convert from a yacht into a submarine , and others detached off for a speedy exploration . Oliver 's Travels offers a Mile Low package on its submarine , complete with chef and butler for £ 175,000 a night .


Ten years on , Glitter 's victim tells how shamed star 's abuse ruined her life . Had sex with her three times when she was just 11 and a virgin . He paid £ 9 each time . Fiend faced death penalty for child rape , but paid victims ' families to get off . Given just three-year jail term for the lesser charge of child abuse . Victim bravely spoke exclusively to MailOnline to tell of her heartache .


Kevin Pimentel , 12 , shot his brother Brady Pimentel , 6 , dead on Wednesday March 25 at their mobile home in Hudson , Florida . He also wounded 16-year-old brother Trevor Pimentel in the leg before killing himself . Trevor attended the boys ' funeral in a wheelchair on Wednesday . Kevin and Trevor had been cooking about 6 pm but officials said they had not been arguing before the shootings . Their mother , Helen Campochiaro , 38 , was working one of her two jobs . Relatives say she was a single mom who kept a gun for protection and that the boys had been brought up with gun safety . On a gofundme page set up one day before the shooting , Campochiaro asked for help in raising a deposit for a new home .


German Chancellor Angela Merkel threw down the gauntlet to David Cameron . She called for a new system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on population and economic strength . The call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean where hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy . David Cameron insisted at an emergency EU summit on Thursday that the


Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested with family members in Turkey. The son of Rochdale politician Shakil Ahmed was seen smiling as he began his journey back to Britain. He will fly from Dalaman into Manchester Airport later this evening.


Cpl. Burt Hazeltine , 36 , with St Charles Parish , was shot three times in face , elbow and eye . Man in his 50s opened fire on deputy as he was directing school buses in New Orleans suburb of Paradis . Hazeltine , married father of four , is in stable but guarded condition ; he is at risk of losing his injured eye . Paul Devillier , 56 , was arrested after a tussle with police ; officials believe he has mental issues . Sheriff Champagne says Devillier became upset with Hazeltine after deputy refused to stop traffic to let him make a turn . Suspect , a former TSA agent , called sheriff 's office and pretended to by NCIS agent before the shooting .


Rangers boosted their chances of promotion with a win against Hearts . Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic earned Gers victory at Ibrox Stadium . Rangers lost captain Lee McCulloch to a reckless red card during match . Boss Stuart McCall is confident of getting rejuvenated Rangers promoted .


The 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted Ringo Starr , Bill Withers , Lou Reed , Joan Jett & the Blackhearts and Stevie Ray Vaughan . Paul McCartney , Yoko Ono , John Mayer , Paul Butterfield Blues Band , The 5 Royales , Green Day and Lou Reed . Withers : `` This has got to be the biggest AA meeting -LSB- in the -RSB- Western hemisphere


president obama is headed to panama for a regional summit . hillary clinton will soon make her presidential campaign official . obama's iran diplomacy has conservative critics fired up .


Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman 's body in the boot of the car he was driving . The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley , on the far south coast of NSW , just after 8.30 pm on Wednesday . But on Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police .


Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents . She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets .


England declared just before tea , leaving West Indies a hefty target -LRB- 503 -RRB- Gary Ballance and Ian Bell made centuries in the first Test . Joe Root 's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked . Umpire Steve Davis dropped a bit of a clanger in the afternoon .


Canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria. The Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's bloody advances in Iraq and Syria. ISIS, whose influence has spread far beyond the borders of Iraq and Syria, has imposed its harsh interpretation on Islam on the areas it has seized.


Norwich scientists have developed a £ 50 adaptor for colour blindness . It can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor . A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't .


India Mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted . She was riding at a riding facility in Matheran 20 miles east of Mumbai . Her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds . The youngster was rushed to hospital but was declared dead on arrival .


Gangster Kestutis Martuzevicius accused of two murders in home country . Has repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him claiming he is too depressed . Numerous appeals have cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands of pounds . The case reignited row over foreign criminals exploiting human rights law .


Latvian-based Drive eO has created a vehicle , named eO PP03 . It runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors . It is capable of producing 1020 kW -LRB- 1368 horsepower -RRB- and speeds of up to 160 mph -LRB- 260 km/h -RRB- The car is set to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb .


Sheriff Mbye died in hospital after being stabbed to death outside a KFC . Today a second 18-year-old has been arrested in connection with his death . Another 18-year-old was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday . Officers have now been granted more time to question the man arrested .


CNN 's John Sutter told the story of the `` Poor kids of Silicon Valley '' HUD Secretary Julián Castro : Our shortage of affordable housing is a national crisis that stunts the economy .


Morocco had been banned from the 2017 and 2019 African Cup of Nations . The Confederation of African Football imposed the ban after Morocco pulled out as hosts of the tournament two months from it starting . Morocco fear the health risks of fans travelling from Ebola-affected areas . The Court of Arbitration for Sport lifted the ban and reduced the fine imposed from $ 1million to $ 50,000 .


Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday . Wayne Rooney gave a team talk before the game to the players . Daley Blind has urged United to focus on their next Premier League match against Chelsea . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Champions League quarter-finals will be settled this week . Matches are : Barcelona vs PSG , Bayern Munich vs Porto , Monaco vs Juventus and Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid . Chelsea , Arsenal , Liverpool and Manchester City out of competition . There are 23 former Premier League players still involved in latter stages .


Future king , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance . The Duchess of Cambridge , meanwhile , will largely be based at their London home Kensington Palace .


Marty Stroud admitted in a letter published in a Louisiana newspaper last month that he was to blame for putting Glenn Ford behind bars in 1983 . Stroud : ` I was not as interested in justice as I was in winning ' Ford , now 65 , was freed a year ago after evidence emerged showing he was not at the scene of the murder and has since been living on donations . He has also been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and has months to live . Stroud visited Ford 's home to apologize to him face-to-face but Ford told him he was not able to forgive him .


Brian and Joan Ogden were robbed as they returned to their hotel . Two pickpockets worked together to snatch wallet from his pocket . The couple , aged 80 and 78 , followed thieves and confronted them . They were about to head home to Wigan from Hotel Don Pancho .


Recent study found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes . Some argue this knowledge could help prevent people from offending . Dr Mairi Levitt says the genetic study ca n't separate nature from nurture .


Lyon move back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after beating Guingamp 3-1. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control. Claudio Beauvue's effort was only a consolation.


Teenager is believed to be youngest charged with terror offences in UK . He is accused of plotting a ` Lee Rigby-style ' massacre during Anzac Day . Alleged to have encouraged Sevdet Besim to behead a member of public . He was remanded in custody and will appear before court in Manchester .


Caykur Rizespor lost to Fenerbahce in the Turkish Super Lig on Saturday . Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was substituted after just 30 minutes . Obraniak was taken to hospital for tests on suspected heart problem . Former Lille player was reported to be in a stable condition .


Billion Dollar Bully , an upcoming documentary , focuses on the review site 's impact on small businesses . Filmmaker Kaylie Milliken spoke to several business owners who believe their Yelp ratings went down after they declined to advertise on the site . The company has denied the allegations , citing court rulings , an FTC investigation and a Harvard study as validation of their business practices .


The mutilated body of Violet Price discovered in two different locations . Mrs Price , an 80-year-old British expat , went missing late on Saturday . French police say they have arrested 32-year-old man known to her . Prosecutors said he led them to the location of her body in two areas .


Russian trawler Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11 . It was towed out to sea and sank 15 miles south of island three days later . Greenpeace has criticised Spanish authorities for towing vessel out to open sea . Three mile long oil slick is also threatening tourist spots of Tenerife and La Gomera . Officials estimate the ship is leaking between five and 10


Dog was discovered in play area of a shelter in Antioch , California . It is believed the animal was burned by chemicals at a foster home . Charity Umbrella of Hope took it in and named it Fireman . A $ 1,000 reward is being offered information about the pet 's injuries .


daniel ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for red bull . the australian driver finished third in practice ahead of the chinese grand prix . lewis hamilton leads the drivers' standings ahead of the race . ricciardo is four tenths of a second adrift of kimi raikkonen .


saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ in financial documents seen by the mail on sunday . saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history . a move by saracens last december to scrap the salary cap drew no public support from other premiership clubs .


Sheriff Mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds . Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield , Birmingham , on Friday evening . Officers found a 19-year-old man who has also suffered serious stab wounds . A second 18-year old has been arrested on suspicion of murder at his home address .


Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families in the study . 58 children with diabetes had also been badly affected by previous events . Other factors include viral infection , diet and early weight gain .


Charles Terreni Jr was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina, on March 18. He had a blood alcohol level of .375, an autopsy has found. He was four times over the legal alcohol limit.


Claudetteia Love was planned to go to prom dateless with a group of friends . Carroll High School principal Patrick Taylor said the decision was part of the Monroe , Louisiana school 's dress code . Monroe City School Board President says Taylor is being discriminatory . Love is a top student and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University .


kim davies bought elizabethan manor in rural wales for £657,000 in 2006 but later put it on market for £2.25million . he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles and chandeliers . davies initially denied five charges under the planning (listed buildings and conservation areas) act 1990 . but shortly before his trial was scheduled to start he pleaded guilty to illegally altering llanwenarth house .


Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay . The suspension follows a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February . Hardy was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend , Nicole Holder , and threatening to kill her . The five-year NFL veteran was found guilty by a district court judge in July but appealed the verdict and was


The Mexican painter penned the letters to fellow artist Jose Bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist Diego Rivera . The 25 letters Jose had saved until his death in 1995 are headed to auction at Doyle New York on April 15 and expected sell upwards of $ 120,000 .


Parents and grandparents flocking to social media site . Almost 60 % of Britons aged over 55 now have Facebook account . Many have left site while others block posts from family members .


Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood , life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle . Clinton says that though the US is the ` land of equal opportunity , ' that is not true about gender , and a female president would change that . This just two days before her mother Hillary is expected to announce her presidential campaign . ` It is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of Congress is treated as a real success . Since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality ? ' says Clinton . Clinton , who is described in the magazine as ` innately regal , also appears in a fashion spread in which she looks almost unrecognizable .


Phenomenon formed of two separate double rainbows snapped on Tuesday . Fashion entrepreneur Amanda Curtis saw it at Glen Cove LIRR station .


kentucky state police trooper robert purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county . around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them . authorities in louisville, kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads .


Cesc Fabregas scored in the 88th minute to secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road . The win takes Jose Mourinho 's side seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League . Chelsea had only one shot on target , an improbable statistic for a team that can call upon the dancing feet of Eden Hazard , Willian and substitute Oscar .


Hannah Bluck , 18 , has played for the Wales youth national teams at U19 , U17 and U16 level . The promising centre-back suffered a sickening dislocation of her ankle and fractured her fibia and tibia after falling while running on astroturf during routine training . She was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen .


Police chief : `` I was sickened by what I saw and I have not watched it since '' Officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott . Scott , 50 , was pulled over Saturday for a broken taillight , police say .


The Night Wolves biker gang has been banned from entering Poland . They are pro-Putin , and the Russian leader has ridden with them . Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine . Germany has also said that the Russian bikers would not be welcome .


In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat . And while many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , they still ca n't really wrap their heads around the point of it .


Abdul Hadi Arwani found dead in his ` perfectly parked ' car on Tuesday . Gunman probably used a silencer and chose an area away from CCTV . Father-of-six from Acton , west London , had links to Muslim Brotherhood .


Danielle Davies , 21 , from Lancashire , gave birth to son Harley last Friday . He weighed 11 lb 5oz and nurses said he was too heavy for hospital scales . Danielle has had to throw many of Harley 's newborn clothes away already .


judy and jerry sheindlin celebrated her award at the women of the 21st century awards luncheon at the beverly wilshire hotel . judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom . husband jerry chimed in to dispute her claim .


Diafra Sakho limped off against Stoke on Saturday with a thigh strain . The 25-year-old striker was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear . West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points . Enner Valencia is also doubtful to face Manchester City at the weekend .


Property developer falsely accused neighbour 's son-in-law of racist assault . Sanjay Chaddah said he was called a ` P ** i ' during dispute with Dean Paton . But police found CCTV footage that showed in fact he attacked Mr Paton . Yesterday Chaddah was given suspended sentence for assault and perjury . He punched the air with delight and smirked as he strolled free from court .


Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring before Wayne Rooney doubled the lead. Christian Benteke scored a late consolation for Tim Sherwood's side.


`` Vampire Diaries '' star Nina Dobrev announces she 's leaving the show . `` Nothing will be the same again , '' fans say .


Police questioned the group about an alleged assault of a Walmart employee . A man put a police officer in a headlock and fighting broke out .


Paul Gregory , 51 , of Bedford , claimed he could only walk 200 metres . He applied to renew his blue badge but claimed exercise left him breathless . The ` experienced walker ' was attacked by cows in Cumbria on the third day of a hike . He was exposed when council staff read a newspaper report about his exploits . He was fined # 795 and ordered


Kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no-ball against Rohit Sharma in India 's World Cup match with Bangladesh . The Bangladeshi president alleged India had used its influence in the ICC . Governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise . But Kamal confirmed his intention to step down .


New episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear . The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked . Clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment .


frank knight, 67, is being sued by blackpool and the oyston family . knight posted an apology on facebook over allegations he made . joe atherton set up a gofundme account to raise money for knight . over 1,000 supporters pledged donations, ensuring the target was met .


Shaker Aamer has been held at Guantanamo without charge for 13 years . The 48-year-old , from London , could be freed in June , it has been revealed . US President Barack Obama has repeatedly vowed to close the facility .


Middlesbrough 's Ben Gibson is nephew of club chairman Steve . As a teenager he used to play as Middlesbrough on Football Manager . The Teesiders have spent six consecutive seasons outside of top flight . Lifelong Boro fan Gibson believes the squad has what it takes to secure a return to the big time .


Ted Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues . But he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many Republicans are eager to avoid them . Cruz says the GOP needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelicals .


John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies . His son Jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . Jameson had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue .


Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . The Cleveland Clinic introduced new gowns in 2010 after being prompted by the CEO . The Henry Ford Health System is in the process of updating its gowns . It 's all part of a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews .


Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt 's home . But instead of tracking down the owner , officers knocked on a neighbour 's door . A witness described seeing them ` scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car ' Mr Hunt spent two days putting up ` lost cat ' posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager . When he contacted police , officers coldly told him Harry had been ` disposed of '


Stana , 37 , has been on the hit series Castle for nearly six years . She wed over the weekend in the Dalmatian coast in Croatia . The new husband and wife shared a photo of their wedding rings . She has been dating Brkljac for several years but was only spotted with him once in 2012 .


rafael may have played his last game for manchester united after he cracked three ribs during the club's u21 clash with leicester on monday . the brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer . the 24-year-old was hoping to make a last-gasp claim to stay at old trafford . however, his damaged ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks, effectively ending his season .


Freddie Gray's death has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. Police say Gray was not buckled in with a seat belt during the ride to a booking center. An officer apparently took his Taser out and was prepared to use it on Gray, but he never deployed it.


The account 's creators have made ` thousands ' of one-of-a-kind pieces for the iconic doll . She actually travels to New York , Paris , London , and Miami to be photographed in beautiful outfits . Famous designers like Moschino and Rachel Zoe have styled her .


Fan favorite series `` Arrested Development '' to return for a fifth season , according to producer . Brian Grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast . Netflix is not commenting .


Kenya 's athletic federation has banned runners ' agents for six months . Marathon world record holder Dennis Kimetto is a client of one of two banned management companies - Volare Sports and Rosa & Associati . Investigations into a doping spike among runners is set to take place .


max maisel went missing on february 21 after his car was found abandoned . the 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station . he is the son of senior espn writer ivan maisel . family said he was 'very comfortable' at their five-bedroom vacation home .


manchester city are planning a mega-bid for raheem sterling this summer . the premier league champions want to increase their homegrown quota . the transfer window officially reopens on july 1 .


McGuffey High School in Washington County , Pennsylvania , is attracting national media attention for all the wrong reasons . A group of students organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest , with future events scheduled . They encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing ` Anti-Gay ' on their hands .


Liu Siying , 23 , was a ` podium girl ' at the Chinese Grand Prix . She was pictured grimacing as Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at her face . The British Formula 1 driver sprayed the fizz directly into her face . Miss Siying said she did n't think much about the incident and was just doing her job . Sexism campaigners have called for Hamilton to apologise to


Photos obtained by Daily Mail Online show surgeon to the stars Dr Brandt , who hanged himself in Miami on Sunday , the year he graduated from his New Jersey high school . They are in sharp contrast to the razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair of the well-known dermatologist . Dr. Brandt was mercilessly lampooned in Tina Fey 's NetFlix show . He was a ` Jewish kid from Newark ' who was described as ` scholarly ' with an infectious grin by his peers . He was voted Most Ambitious and Most Talkative student .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of 30 counts in bombings. Jury found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the 2013 bombing. It has been almost two years since the blasts in Boston.


Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife. The former Polegate councillor had become suspicious of her movements. He placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her.


Ulysses Beaudoin , 39 , of Texas , allegedly shot his son , Ulysses Nelson , twice in the back . Officials say he then threatened his 18-year-old son with 9 mm handgun . Beaudoin and his girlfriend fled from the scene but were tracked down . The father was seen weeping and muttering , My baby , ' as he was being handcuffed .


U.S. President Barack Obama 's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region . Instead of the `` new beginning '' that the President outlined in his much discussed Cairo speech in 2009 , he remains mired in a contradiction .


Teenager was caught on CCTV giving the middle finger to monkey in India . But the monkey interprets it as a threat and launches itself at his face . The teenager is left sprawled on his back and in shock following the attack .


Manchester City face Crystal Palace on Monday night at Selhurst Park . City remain nine points behind Chelsea in the Premier League . Manuel Pellegrini knows his team can not afford to lose any more ground .


Dani Alves has spent seven seasons with the Catalan giants . Alves has four Spanish titles to his name with Barcelona . The Brazil defender has also won the Champions League twice with Barca .


Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke run Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. in Wisconsin . People mistook them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton , Indiana , which refused to cater a same-sex wedding . `` My stomach was in my throat all afternoon , '' Danke says .


jordan sharifi, 17, confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old raymond howell, jr. on thursday . raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . sharifi discovered raymond's body after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son . when raymond failed to respond, sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his face .


Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday night . Xabi Alonso is only the second player to win three Champions League with three clubs . The 33-year-old won the competition in his first season at Liverpool in 2005 . Clarence Seedorf won the title four times in his illustrious career . Bayern are the only unbeaten side in the competition this year . CLICK HERE for


David Cameron and Boris Johnson visit nursery to promote childcare . Duo left flummoxed by jigsaw aimed at teaching children about seasons . London Mayor resorted to brute force to hammer wrong pieces together . Prime Minister gave his approval , telling Boris : ` If in doubt , wedge it in '


Ilkay Gundogan is seen as a successor to Michael Carrick in midfield . Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has been impressed by Carrick . Van Gaal feels Gundogan can replicate 33-year-old Carrick 's displays .


marie hunt of spring green, wisconsin, dropped out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school . now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care, the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school .


Ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe . He said Britain could only take ` a few thousand ' refugees but no more . Up to 950 refugees drowned trying to reach Italy on Saturday . Boris Johnson called on the PM to send the SAS to Libya to solve crisis .


Steven Naismith has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus , Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool . 28-year-old has given back to communities that have supported him . Everton forward teamed up with Job Centre Plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club this season .


Adriana Giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after flying back to Madrid . Police searched Majadahonda flat she was staying in and arrested landlord . They found blood stains , a knife and an industrial meat grinder at house . Officers are searching for three other missing tenants and the man 's aunt .


ISIS militants filmed destroying ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud in northern Iraq using sledgehammers , drills and barrel bombs . The seven-minute expertly edited video , purportedly shows Islamic State destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins . The attack on the ancient site horrified archaeologists when it was first reported last month .


Small group of supporters ejected after supposedly mocking disaster . Eight people were arrested at Old Trafford in relation to Manchester derby . But police praised ` overwhelming majority ' of fans for their behaviour . Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 on Sunday afternoon .


The Queen was spotted enjoying a ride in Windsor Great Park today . Rode her favourite Fell pony , a mare named Carltonlima Emma . Left hard hats at home and opted for one of her favourite scarves instead .


Aaron Hernandez will serve life in Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center outside Boston . Souza opened in 1998 and is one of the most high-tech jails in the United States . It 's also `` dangerous , '' `` sterile '' and `` violent , '' a legal advocate for inmates says .


Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan . Pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today . Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property . Surge of ` silver landlords ' is likely to push up house prices .


Paul Smith takes on Andre Ward in Oakland on June 20 . The fight will not be for Ward 's WBA super-middleweight world title . Ward has not boxed since November 2013 . Smith failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham 's beltBO belt . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .


Campaigner was photographed moments before his murder in rural Aleppo . Forced to his knees and shot at point-blank range by rifle-wielding militants . Man is understood to have been an activist who secretly reported on ISIS . Execution images were released on same day as ISIS made bizarre attempt to portray life under the terror as a pastoral ideal with farmer photographs .


Study of 1,302 couples found working men do two hours of chores a day . But once they retired , men upped their housework hours to to 3.9 a day . Women 's chores went from 6.8 hours a day to 6.1 a day after retirement . The study , carried out in Germany , .


New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX . Patriots visited the White House on Thursday to meet President Obama . Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen , citing ` family commitments ' as reason . February 's Super Bowl victory was Brady 's fourth in a glittering career .


west ham manager sam allardyce says no club has bid for aaron cresswell . the 25-year-old has attracted interest from chelsea and manchester city . allardyce believes cresswell would be better off staying at west ham .


jake hall scored for boston united in their conference north clash with tamworth . hall's on-screen girlfriend chloe lewis was in the stands at york street . towie star james 'arg' argent leaned over hoardings to celebrate with hall .


Nicholas Tooth , 25 , was playing for the Quirindi Lions in regional NSW . On Saturday he hit his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . He was airlifted to Newcastle 's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition . On Sunday Mr Tooth , who had been living in Sydney , died in hospital .


victim, 12, was walking in subway underneath road in newbury, berkshire . two boys approached him and sprayed him with flammable wd40 . they then produced lighter and threatened to set him alight . victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment . police hunting pair after threats in broad daylight on easter monday .


Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and fourth in China . Nico Rosberg finished second to extend his lead at the top of the championship . Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel .


Channel 7 Perth reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins ' arrest . She was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2 am . Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating her at the time . He has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets . The policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer . Cousins was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase . ` Hundreds ' of officers are said to have unlawfully accessed the documents . Police also reportedly looked at the files of former AFL player Daniel Keer . An internal investigation is currently underway .


Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook , California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . The 16-year-old had a popular YouTube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced . She said in one ; ` I 've lost tons of friends , tons . And it 's been hell . I go to school every day , and I get my lunch and I sit down alone ' The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults . In one of her final videos she said ; ` My biggest advice to anyone who 's transgender and struggling ? You 're becoming yourself ' ` Taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl , and all she wanted was acceptance , ' said the Resource Center in a statement .


Up to 420 million acres of forest will be lost in the next two decades . Warning comes from the World Wide Fund for Nature -LRB- WWF -RRB- 80 per cent of project losses will occur in just 11 ` deforestation fronts ' The include the Amazon , eastern Australia and Sumatra .


Accused of leaking a document revealing Party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy . Amnesty : Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President Xi Jinping 's team has taken on dissent . Gao was arrested in April last year , ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown .


A two-year-old girl from Gardena , California , was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash . The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted ` mommy ' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday . Her girl was found injured outside of Jim 's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster . Police would not describe the extent of her injuries .


prince william has announced he will be taking six weeks' paternity leave . the duke of cambridge will be at his wife's bedside until the first week of june . quentin letts says he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood . 'he may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says quentin letts .


Newborn baby found face down in a toilet bowl at Silcock 's Amusement Arcade in Southport . Merseyside Police said they have found the mother of the baby girl . Sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery . Police believe April may have been ` born where she was found ' The 6lb 9oz baby girl has been named April by staff at Ormskirk hospital .


A series of photos sees Japanese dads jumping next to their daughters . They are part of a new book by Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama . The book 's title roughly translates as Daughter and Salary Man .


Pete Evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . In another recent Facebook post , the Australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg who also suffers from MS. The Paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around and has attracted a raft of celebrity followers .


ravi beefnah, 34, parked his £35,000 audi a5 outside the dealership he bought it from in chelmsford, essex, in february . he says he parked it there as warning to other drivers considering buying an audi . mr beefnah claims audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car .


Lionel Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar have scored 93 goals this season . Messi , Thierry Henry and Samuel Eto'o scored 100 goals in 2008-09 season . The trio will attempt to steer Barcelona into Champions League semi-final . Luis Enrique 's side hold a 3-1 advantage from the quarter-final first leg . READ : Messi has a place at Barca until he retires , claims club president .


On Divorce Court episode Nathan Sellers went on show with Lia Palmquist and accused her of sleeping with every single member of Wu-Tang Clan . He said it was during one night as she partied with them at a hotel . Palmquist would have had sex with RZA , GZA , Ghostface Killah , Masta Killa , U-God , Inspectah Deck , Raekwon , Cappadonna and Method Man . Ol' Dirty Bastard is dead so he was n't involved no matter what happened .


tottenham are tracking dynamo kiev forward andriy yarmolenko . spurs boss mauricio pochettino admits his scouts are already looking at targets . yarmolenko is entering the final year of his contract with kiev .


No fewer than ten English clubs have shown interest in Nicky Law . Brighton , Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest . Midfielder Law is Rangers ' top scorer with 12 goals this season .


Citizen captured sandstorm sweeping its way through part of the state . Sandstorm caused delays to flights and forced schools to shut . Car crashes and respiratory problems were also reported last week . Strong winds were behind large sand clouds obscuring Dubai 's skyline .


Aston Martin DB4 Series III will cost up to £ 350,000 to restore but could then be worth as much as £ 750,000 . Attractive prospect for many car enthusiasts by offering rare chance to restore virtually-untouched DB4 . 1,100 DB4 Series III cars made from 1958 to 1963 - and this one will be auctioned in Buckinghamshire . Engine was stripped , fully rebuilt and new chassis fitted in 1983 - but it has hardly been touched since .


Ten former Atlanta public school educators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals. Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the. sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests.


Main Stand redevelopment at Anfield starting to take shape . Pictures showed new steel structures higher than existing stand . Expansion of Main Stand will be completed by 2016-17 season . Capacity of Anfield will increase from 45,000 to 54,000 .


an unarmed iranian aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter . the incident has troubled u.s. military officials .


McGuffey High School in Washington County, Pennsylvania, held a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest last Thursday. The students wore flannel shirts and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. The event was held to protest the national Day Of Silence event for bullied LBGT students.


During exchanges with Marr , Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions . Mr Osborne only said it would come from Conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman said the promise was ` illusory '


Shocking photo of baby elephant tied to a pole spark online campaign . More than 50,000 have signed petition to have baby elephant , Nadia , freed . Marina Phuket Resort reportedly keeps elephant in tiny enclosure . ` Nadia ' is also forced to perform tricks and is ridden by resort guests . ` It is absolutely barbaric , ' says Jaime Singleton , who started campaign . Comes after Phuket resort posted pictures of baby elephant near pool . Party-goers snapped dancing with elephant , and one person seen riding it .


Sophie Morgan , 21 , and Sheree Morgan , 25 , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money . They were conned out of # 36,000 by a fraudster posing as a policeman . The elderly couple were contacted by a man pretending to be a detective sergeant . He urged them to transfer money into various accounts ` for their own security ' The caller


Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County , Oregon , decided to take the pooch to a McDonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy . But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . Gallegos says ice cream is a weekly treat for her pets .


Ivan Carlos , 22 , and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30 am Wednesday . The driver , Christian Crawford , 35 , reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence , killing the couple . The fetus did not survive .


Europcar started a campaign to show how incredible the drive is to Scotland 's Isle of Skye . The location is only accessible by bus or private car , and the company enlisted the help of prolific Instagrammers . Eight photographers from Denmark and Scotland embarked on an incredible roadtrip . They used the hashtag #MovingSkyewards so others could join in on celebrating the picturesque area . Together the photographers have over a million followers on the social media site .


YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .


Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January . There has been speculation that he could be offloaded in the summer . But the Brazil international insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea currently lead the Premier League by seven points with a game in hand .


Half of pensioners in US with investments during 2007 financial crisis sold them at wrong time , research finds . Experts analysed 1,204 retirees with investments between 2006 and 2008 . Findings come days before UK retirees are given power to decide how to spend life savings .


Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different teams . Clarence Seedorf won the trophy with Ajax , Real Madrid and AC Milan . Thiago Motta could also equal Seedorf 's record if he wins the competition with PSG .


NGO where Lo Porto works describes him as a lively , positive man with lots of friends . London university says he was a `` popular student ... committed to helping others '' He was killed in a U.S. counterterrorism strike in January , authorities say .


thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order . the order grants sweeping powers to the ruling military junta . critics have expressed alarm at the move .


Cardiff City have joined their fans in protest against Leeds United tickets . The two sides face each other in the Championship on Saturday at 3 pm . Cardiff have returned the entirety of their 500 allocation for Yorkshire trip . There is a history of trouble between the supporters of both clubs . Leeds refuse to give Cardiff rights to show the game live at their ground .


Bill would require all new dryers to be no louder than 84 decibels . State senator says the ` air knife ' elicited episodes in his autistic son .


workers in pingjiang county, hunan province have been pictured building a walkway for tourists in the county . without ropes or safety harnesses, and with only hard hats to protect them if they fall, the men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement . officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route .


Palermo defender Roberto Vitiello must improve their poor away record . The Italian side have failed to win on the road since November 2 . Udinese are also a team in danger of relegation and lost to Parma recently . They boast a less than impressive home record , winning one in nine .


Durst , 71 , was arrested in New Orleans hotel room day before HBO finale . Police ` found revolver , marijuana , $ 42,000 cash , latex mask in the room ' He is waiting to be extradited for murder trial in California where he is accused of killing his longtime friend Susan Berman in 2000 . Durst dozed off in courtroom as shouting match erupted between his lawyers and the judge because no witnesses turned up . Two FBI agents and a state trooper allegedly ignored court subpoena . Durst attorney claims there was not a legitimate search warrant .


the robbery took place at 12.30pm at a lloyds bank branch in cardiff . detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft . the white male suspect has greying black hair and wore glasses .


Hailstorm equipment used by department 4,300 times since 2007 , court told . Device can identify phones from 360-degree antenna from city block away . Detective says department under orders from US government to withhold evidence from courts where device has been used . Details resemble original plot of HBO 's series The Wire , based in same city .


Debris landed on Paula Viccica 's property in West Pittston , Pennsylvania . She said she saw bits of paper falling from the sky for several minutes . Homeowner believes the debris came from a plane flying overhead . She filed a complaint with the Federal Aviation Administration . Paula said she wants an assurance ` that it does not pose a danger '


Two swimmers stand oblivious to a giant hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off Destin , Florida . A group of men standing on a penthouse balcony shouted at them to get out of the water . The swimmers were forced to stick around to prove the danger . Only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile to humans ,


Indian Premier League player says he was approached to match fix . Unnamed IPL player represents Rajasthan Royals in lucrative league . CLICK HERE for all the latest IPL cricket news .


Arsenal are interested in signing Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling this summer . The 20-year-old has rejected a new £ 100,000-a-week deal at Anfield . Michael Owen believes Sterling is more talented than Mesut Ozil . Adrian Durham : Sterling would be earning the same as Balotelli if he signed £ 100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool ... that 's the real issue here . Durham : Arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off . The German scored in Arsenal 's 4-1 win against Liverpool on Saturday . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .


Letter from Ismay Imrie & Co, the parent company of White Star Line, to Christopher Moody. Mr Moody, 24, died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage. Bosses demand £20 to return his dead body to England.


Damon Muller was diagnosed with rare autoimmune disease in November . The 11-year-old ca n't go out in the sun or be active due to muscle swelling . He was rushed to a Brisbane hospital because his throat closed over and there 's a chance his heart could be affected too . Juvenile Dermatomyositis effects muscles including thighs , hips and chest .


Derry Mathews will fight Venezuelan knockout artist Ismael Barroso. Richar Abril has been elevated to 'champion in recess' with Darleys Perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division. Mathews expressed his disappointment at losing out on a title shot with Abril.


Peter Costello slammed government pledge for ` lower , simpler , fairer ' taxes . The former treasurer singled out Joe Hockey 's proposed new bank tax and Josh Frydenberg 's push for revenue from multinationals . Mr Hockey hit back at Mr Costello , saying he wished he had the tax revenue the former treasurer had when the Coalition was last in power .


Yi qi is thought to have lived 160 million years ago during the late Jurassic . The dinosaur has an unusual bone sticking out of its wrist and had a membrane that covered it to form a wing much like that of a modern bat . Scientists say it is unlike any other dinosaur , which evolved into birds , and may have glided or even been able to fly by flapping over short distances . The fossil was discovered by a farmer in Qinglong County in north China .


FBI have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace. They believe the man is pictured in the images being abused. They believe the man may have 'critical information' to help them identify the victim.


adriana alvarez, 22, has revealed what it's really like to live on mcdonald's wages, where she makes only $10.50 an hour . she says that even with assistance from food stamps, medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by . alvarez is a leader with fight for $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize .


aaron lennon has four games left on his loan at everton . roberto martinez wants to get the most out of lennon's time at goodison . martinez said discussions about lennon's future will come at the end of the season .


The poet has a reputation as a ` young Apollo ' who died tragically young . New letters reveal he had a string of brief relationships with women . Lover Cathleen Nesbitt suggested that he could ` settle in the wild ' Brooke was mourned by the nation and celebrated by Churchill when he died 100 years ago today .


foreign minister julie bishop met up with malaysian shoe designer jimmy choo . ms bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet families of sas members . choo is currently in australia to host his first ever masterclass . ms bishop opted for another designer's shoes for the meeting .


International Monetary Fund says UK economy will grow by 2.7 % this year . Only the United States will grow faster among world 's biggest economies . New figures show inflation is still at 0 % , with food and fuel prices down .


An Iowa bulldog named Tank took home the crown Sunday at Drake University 's annual ` Beautiful Bulldog Contest ' Tank beat out 49 other dogs in the 36th annual contest . Tank will now serve as the mascot for the Drake Relays .


the anthem of the seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over the explorer of the seas as it departed southampton docks today . the cruise liners, which are both owned by royal caribbean international, will both be based in southampton . as the season comes to a close, the anthem of the seas will move to new york harbour which will become its permanent home .


Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin 's Bakery in Keene , New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway . ` A few of the staff did n't want to come out to meet Hillary , ' said a cashier at the bakery . ` They just do n't like her , ' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening . The


Oxford won their 12th women 's boat race in 16 years . The Dark Blues triumphed by six and a half lengths . It was the first time the women 's race has been raced over the same course and on the same day as the men 's event .


philip and victoria sherlock have been living in their car for three months . philip lost his £400 a week job as a gardener after a stomach operation . victoria took on more hours as a shop assistant and then lost benefits . couple celebrated ninth wedding anniversary by sharing twix in their car . local businessman jasen jackiw heard about the story on a tv programme . he gave philip a lifeline and he has now started work as a stock manager .


Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in the city of Fuzhou, in Fujian province. CCTV shows Mr Song climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car. Mrs Ru, 50, reversed over him, knocking him to the ground.


De Blasio , Clinton 's campaign manager during her 2000 Senate run , said on Sunday he will not give up endorsement until he sees a vision from her . He also said that Americans are demanding candidates to have a plan for addressing ` out of control ' income inequality in the country . Plan should include increases in wages and benefits and willingness to tax the wealthy . De Blasio said Clinton is ` one of the most qualified people to ever run '


City officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland . The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse , and no injuries were reported . Cleveland fire spokesman Larry Gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a ` freak accident '


Film director David Lynch confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks" The offbeat TV series, created by Lynch and Mark Frost, featured a quirky FBI agent who went to the Pacific Northwest town of Twin Peaks to investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl named Laura Palmer. Lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets, saying that the show's third season will continue without him.


jody farley-berens started singleton moms after a childhood friend was diagnosed with cancer . the nonprofit provides practical, financial and emotional support to single parents . do you know a hero? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .


Trichologist Philip Kingsley says hair consists of protein so eating it is key . He adds that dietary changes and supplements wo n't pay off overnight . It takes more than two months for hair follicles to begin to benefit , he says .


The video was shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber in Bali , Indonesia . Shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . As the monkey continues to approach , the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk -- as if aware of what the monkey may do next .


Amanda Lukoff , from Arlington , Virginia , teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word , which is in pre-production while they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo . Amanda was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle , who was born with Down syndrome . She has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor


Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence . A string of new complaints against him have come to light this week . He tried to lure women into sexual services for their promised visas . The tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints .


Several of Nepal 's best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of April 25 . But outside the capital Kathmandu there is hope that many have survived .


Tsarnaev , 21 , was found guilty Wednesday on all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing . His case will now proceed to the penalty stage , in which the jury will decide whether to sentence him to life in prison or execution . Reflecting her state 's liberal politics , Warren is against capital punishment . Warren also spoke about current party issues - but refused to compare her politics to those of likely presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Warren has repeatedly said she will not be running for president in 2016 .


Surgeon Sergio Canavero has vowed to prove he can conduct the world's first head transplant. He has no problem with people branding him Dr Frankenstein. He also has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure.


A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama's motorcade. Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived at 5.25pm to assist.


Six-year-old schoolgirl made headlines this week when she was pictured plopping her head on the table while reading with David Cameron . Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg and Ed Balls have all had equally awkward moments with kids .


five men and one woman detained at 8am this morning in dover departure zone . four of the men are from birmingham, west midlands, and in their 20s . a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode also held . they are being questioned at a police station in the west midlands area .


Four koalas are being gifted to Singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence . The animals were photographed chomping on leaves and refreshments . The animals will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure . Julie Bishop announced the gift on Thursday . The koala loan aims to symbolise the relationship between Australia and Singapore .


Just 32 per cent of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves , report says . More than 70 % of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of food poisoning . 32 % of young people believe washing raw chicken before cooking is good way to avoid poisoning .


Davion Only took to the pulpit to find a forever home . After some setbacks , his family is set to make it official in April .


Facebook deemed the ABC1 trailer to contain ` potentially offensive nudity ' The video had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday . Two elderly Aboriginal women painted in ochre are seen in the advert . The makers of the new comedy TV series , 8MMM Aboriginal Radio , based around an Alice Springs radio station called the move ` bewildering '


Duffel bag found on Loughery Way in Cambridge , Massachusetts , on Saturday . It was described as a large item , similar to a hockey bag , by witnesses . All of the remains are believed to belong to one person , who has not been identified . Authorities say they are ` under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery ' They will be arraigned


Washington couple 's son began complaining of someone talking to him . One night they heard : ` Wake up little boy daddy 's looking for you ' Also believe hacker has infiltrated the device 's camera to watch their son . Tech experts warned baby monitors linked to internet are more vulnerable .


darlene feliciano, 27, was a manager at a honolulu walmart . she was out on the makapuu 'tom-tom' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway friday afternoon when she slipped and fell . she was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka . her 29-year-old male friend had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries .


A woman at an Ohio Walmart says an officer forced her to sit in her car after she left her dog sitting in the parking lot April 12 . Last year , a Truth or Consequences , New Mexico woman filed a complaint alleging a similar mistreatment .


San Antonio police officers issued a fine to local chef and activist Joan Cheever for feeding the homeless at Maverick Park April 7 . Cheever founded The Chow Train non-profit food truck in 2005 to feed the city 's poor . Has a commercially licensed mobile food truck where she prepares her meals , but she serves them out of her personal pickup truck . Cheever accused city officials of violating her freedom of religion because she considers cooking and feeding the poor a free exercise of her faith .


Survey by student news website The Tab looked into university sex habits . It found that scientists and dentists were most likely to be virgins . Sociologists and artists were least likely to still have their virginity .


polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers . camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil . they are happy in sun or shade and grow as readily among other shrubs .


Manchester City won the Premier League last season after going top with one game to play . Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand . City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions . Sergio Aguero 's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United on goal difference .


doaa and umm smuggled from syria to turkey after leaving al-khansa brigade . pair revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing other women . doaa, 20, said she received 40 lashes for not wearing proper islamic dress . umma, 25, was forced to marry a foreign fighter and did not love him . now the pair are scared they will be discovered by isis fighters who follow them .


Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday . Marouane Fellaini has played a vital role in United 's rise to third in the table . Fellaini was jeered by United and City fans in this this fixture last season .


Stephanie Scott, 26, was set to marry her childhood sweetheart at a function centre. She was murdered on Easter Sunday at Leeton High School in Central NSW. Her funeral will be held at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near her home town.


Frances Clarkson , 53 , spend Easter Bank Holiday weekend in Caribbean . She was spotted with friends and family as she sunbathed and jet skied . Previously holidayed there with Jeremy Clarkson , but pair now ` live apart ' He was sacked by BBC last month after ` fracas ' with Top Gear producer .


Madeline Luciano , 40 , was fired after allegedly encouraging pupils to bully girl . Pupils at PS 18 , in Manhattan , wrote words like ` ugly ' and ` phony ' on board . It only stopped when the girl started crying , she says . Ms Luciano says it was meant to teach them they should be kinder to each other . She has now launched court


Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers. The 33-year-old's body was found in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre property. Duffy claimed he had only buried her body while his co-accused Rachel Evans was the one with a 'twisted desire to kill'


Easter Sunday congregation handed a letter explaining choir had quit . They left in a show of solidarity with music director Stephen Hogger . Mr Hogger had been sacked after apparently falling out with senior figures . Means Suffolk church will be without a choir for the first time in 200 years .


The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. The weekend is held at The Orleans Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Security officers were out in force at Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday . Officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a terror plot . The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports . Officials said the ` known threat ' to LAX was not necessarily related to aviation .


police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets at vigilantes in johannesburg . more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station . dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread . eyewitnesses claim vigilante violence is carefully orchestrated .


Perth Glory were found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the past three years . The A-League club were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table . The club have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA 's verdict . If that falls flat , Glory will go through the FFA . appeals process in a bid to either


Jamie Oliver's company has warned that influential vloggers such as Zoella and Alfie Deyes should be more aware of adverts. Video blogs - known as vlogs - popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.


Sales of a Burberry poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost profits. The ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter.


daniel sturridge met up with darren farley as part of a promotional video . farley performs an impression of liverpool legend michael owen . liverpool face aston villa in fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday .


Man , 36 , arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani . Syrian imam was found shot dead in his car on a street in Wembley . Leslie Cooper , 36 , has already appeared in court accused of murder . Burnell Mitchell , 61 , and a 53-year-old woman were also arrested on suspicion of terror offences .


Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkeling at Finn 's Beach in Bali . The ring was engraved with the words , `` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 . Love Jenny '' Walsh used Facebook to reunite the ring with its owner , Joe Langley .


Mohammed Emwazi wanted to join al-Shabaab in Somalia , source claims . Stopped in 2009 after flying to Africa and was put on flight back home . Source claims he intended to go back , but did not after friends were killed . Bilal al-Berjawi and Mohammed Sakr died during drone strikes in 2012 . The same year Emwazi travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State .


Finnish researchers compared weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription . By two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese . Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised odds of being a fat toddler .


Sarah Watson had a brief liaison with married footballer Marcus Rojo . Fitness instructor claimed Rojo then tried to frame her for blackmail . His representatives tried to entrap her with promises of cash to spin story . High Court overturned gagging order and ordered Rojo to pay £ 25k costs .


today is the 150th anniversary of confederate gen. robert e. lee's surrender of the army of northern virginia to union forces commanded by general ulysses s. grant . thursday's commemoration in appomattox, virginia, included a reenactment of lee's last clash with grant's troops and of the confederate surrender in a virginia farmhouse .


Charles Manuel of Lamoni , Iowa admitted to a review board that he traded sexual favors for his services . Manuel also fessed up to performing exorcisms and to telling patients to stop taking medications prescribed to them by a medical doctor . The Iowa Board of Chiropractic required Manuel to pledge he would not apply for reinstatement of the license , but only for 10 years .


thousands of bodies have been cremated following saturday's devastating earthquake in kathmandu . families are desperate to give loved ones the honourable send-off so revered in hindu tradition . plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned .


As of Friday , 142 people have tested positive for HIV in Scott and Jackson counties . This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December . Indiana University has sent health volunteers to provide a clinic .


Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England . The majority have been ordinary at best . England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started . Carrick played in the match against Ecuador in the 2006 World Cup . He was dropped for the quarter-final with Portugal .


Brian Cassidy was picking up trash from the parking lot of the Bangor , Maine store last Thursday when he found the wet stack of cash . He immediately contacted security and police were called . They discovered that a man who worked at a nearby restaurant , Ou Chen , had reported losing the money while cleaning snow off his car last winter . Police returned the cash to Chen and thanked Cassidy for his integrity by awarding him a police deparment coin .


Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit . The European champions ' home kit will feature three grey stripes . The pink touches from this season 's shirts will also be dropped . The big change will be the introduction of the FIFA Club World Cup badge .


Lord Attenborough was present -- behind or in front of the camera -- at some of the most magical moments in cinema history . He made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film In Which We Serve , and was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Jurassic Park . The lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs , iconic


Mark Hawkins , 49 , was holed up in Greyhound-style bus in Salem , Oregon . Had barricaded himself in vehicle after being approached by police . Seconds later , he allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle . Bullet struck police dog named Baco in head , prompting exchange of gunfire . Hawkins was wanted in Lane County for failing to appear on charge of controlled substance . SWAT


EE shops will stock free chargers so people can revive phones while out . Other smartphone users can sign up to service for £ 20 . Comes after research found 60 % customers said battery wo n't last a day .


Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he pretended to be black to get into medical school . He says the experience showed him that affirmative action is a flawed system .


Dating website Skout 's survey reveals cheese lovers more active in bed . The most popular cheese is American followed by cheddar and mozzarella . Those who like their cheese sarnies grilled are also more charitable .


Man left passengers feeling nervous after outburst on bus , said witness . He caused more problems on the plane at the airport in Hurghada , Egypt . Plane was taxiing to the runway but was forced to return to its stand . Passengers applauded when he was removed by an armed officer . Flight was delayed for 40 minutes before departing without the man .


Volvo says it will begin exporting Chinese-built cars to the U.S. in May . It 's the first time `` Made in China '' cars will be available in U.S. showrooms . But it 's unlikely that Chinese car brands will take on developed markets .


robert clark was captured by the nazis in north africa in 1942 . he spent the rest of the war in prison camps in poland before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945 . mr clark married his sweetheart rita and moved into the house where he still lives in burnt oak, north london . in 1969 the couple moved into the house where he still lives . more than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for mr clark to stay in his home .


All U.S. Consulate personnel safe after blast , State Department spokeswoman says . Suicide bombers blow up car near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil , Iraq .


aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing odin lloyd in 2013 . lloyd was shot six times in the chest and back in an industrial park . hernandez had a $40 million contract with the new england patriots . prosecution spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence . hernandez's defense team presented their case in just one day .


Jessica Knight loves eating carpet underlay and furniture stuffing . She also snacks on sand and rocks even though parents try to stop her . Family now give her a purse full of sponge to control her cravings . Jessica suffers from rare condition Pica but doctors say they ca n't treat her until she is six years old .


Bobbi Kristina Brown has `` global and irreversible '' brain damage , her grandmother says . `` We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time , '' Cissy Houston says . Bobby Brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was `` awake ''


Ed Miliband said the crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of the PM 's policy . Miliband made a rare address on the issue of foreign policy in London . Senior Conservatives accused Miliband of exploiting a human tragedy . Liam Fox claimed the Labour leader was ` weaponise drowning migrants '


Georgian chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze was banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament. Officials found the Georgian was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone. Nigalidze's opponent Tigran Petrosian grew suspicious when Nigalidze kept bolting to the restroom.


Residents in Stockton 's Kingston Road are followed in the newest series . Filming has finished on the street with just weeks to go until it is aired . But neighbours say housing bosses have spruced it up before release . They accused Thirteen Group of trying to improve conditions for visitors .


DeShawn Isabelle allegedly punched the woman in the head and dragged her to the ground by her hair before repeatedly beating her in Chicago train . Isabelle stole $ 2,000 of the woman 's cash and her iPhone , prosecutors said . Teen allegedly spent the money on junk food and Air Jordan track suits . Woman suffered a concussion and cuts and bruises all over her body . Prosecutors said she was still vomiting two days later from her injuries . Isabelle confessed to robbing , beating and sexually assaulting the woman on the CTA after his mother turned him in , according to prosecutors .


border terrier molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper in eype, dorset . the eight-year-old fell over the cliff's edge along with the lamb last week . molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope . coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her despite four hours . three days later, molly was found in an exhaustive state on a remote beach .


Tyson Gay had his ban reduced after helping authorities . Usain Bolt says he is not looking forward to competing against Gay . Bolt says he feels ` let down ' by someone he used to respect . Gay is the joint-second fastest man of all time , behind Bolt .


trading standards officials raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations . they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break .


Huddersfield have plummeted to ninth in Super League after a horrible Easter . Paul Anderson admits his misfiring side need to change going forward . They face Catalan Dragons , who have the best defence around , on Sunday .


The death toll in Nepal rises to 3,218 , a government official says . The number of injured is reported to be more than 6,500 , he says . Another 56 people are dead in India , and 20 in China .


Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson returns to the UFC after two year absence . Former light-heavyweight champion takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal . He had to come through protracted legal battle to feature at UFC 186 .


Rebecca Boyd was watching Cinderella with her daughter Lexy, 13, when she overheard her mother's conversation online. Mrs Boyd said that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while. Mrs Wood was mortified when she heard about the encounter.


MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One . Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season as they stay a point ahead of the Dons . MK Dons boss Karl Robinson hailed the patience of his team .


Roberto Carlos says the pressures faced as a player makes coaching easy . He won the World Cup with Brazil and Champions League with Real Madrid . The former defender said he learnt from all the managers he played under .


Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner , Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton . Sandra Bullock does n't appear anywhere on FHM 's list . The `` FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the World '' issue goes on sale Thursday , April 30 . The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series `` Ordinary Lies ''


Thomas Bjorn 's wayward shot flew into crowd of spectators . Ball flew into lap of female fan but was able to take free drop . Tom Watson hit shot of the day from greenside bunker . Masters 2015 golf : Friday 's tee-off times at Augusta National . CLICK HERE to follow the day two Masters 2015 action .


Defending champs Czech Republic beat France to reach the Fed Cup final . Petra Kvitova defeated Caroline Garcia in straight sets for 3-0 lead . The Czech 's have reached their fourth final in the past five years .


Pope is presiding over torchlight procession in front of the Colosseum . He used Way of the Cross service to highlight persecution of Christians . Pope Francis delivered Maundy Thursday Mass at Rebibbia prison . Afterwards pontiff offered to kiss the feet of 12 of the jail 's inmates .


James Corden shared the picture on Thursday via Twitter . Corden is currently in America filming late-night talk show Late Late . David Beckham was a guest on the 36-year-old 's show last month .


Twins drowned after their mother tried to fend off a bee and let go of their stroller . Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons , Silas and Eli Keslar , along a canal . The stroller rolled away from her into the canal , with the boys belted in the seat .


Lewis Hamilton qualified in pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix . Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel pipped Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg to second . Hamilton has qualified pole in each of this season 's four races . The Brit qualified four tenths faster than Vettel and six faster than Rosberg .


Rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died Monday , Oregon Zoo officials announced on Facebook . Zoo officials said Rama 's leg was hurt in 1990 , when older female elephants shoved him out of the herd and he went into a moat . They said Rama was euthanized after health problems from the leg injury . Elephant group Free the Oregon Zoo Elephants has claimed zoo officials should not have placed Rama with the females at a young age .


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have shown off their toned physique's. The fight takes place at the Las Vegas, MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2. The Filipino fighter has been keen to show off he's in the best condition of his life.


Toulon winger Bryan Habana intercepted Ian Madigan 's long pass to race away unopposed at Stade Velodrome . The Springbok wing stormed clear to for the game 's only try in the 90th minute . Leigh Halfpenny scored 20 points from six penalties and a conversion for Toulon . Toulon face Clermont Auvergne in the opening game of the European Champions Cup at Twickenham on Sunday . The holders of


Noreen Spendlove was 68 when she developed pain in her left side . GP referred Noreen for a mammogram which revealed three tumours . MPs warn that women will die as a result of the screening age limit . ` Extending the age for routine mammograms would mean more lives saved '


Vincent Stanford was born in Tasmania before moving to Holland . Arriving back in Australia in recent years , he has lived with his mother and elder brother in a small house in Leeton , NSW , for 13 months . His identical twin returned from Holland in June 2013 . ` He was a nice enough sort of bloke , clearly a loner , ' neighbour says . Stanford gained employment as a casual cleaner in October . He cleaned Leeton High School where Stephanie Scott worked . His employer said he passed all the national criminal record checks . Stanford was charged with Stephanie Scott 's murder on Thursday . The school keys she was loaned were allegedly found at his home .


Brandon Afoa , 33 , was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift . The incident , which took place at 2 am on December 26 , 2007 , left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm . Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons . Afoa went on to sue Port of Seattle - which owns and operates the airport - in King County Superior Court , saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace .


Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Bromwich Albion if a deal is not in place by July. The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia with some parties already having a tour of the club's training ground facilities. Peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150m to £200m but does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season.


Prince Harry arrived in Canberra and visited the Australian War Memorial in his only official public appearance . During this visit , he told a teenage admirer to give up the trend of snapping self-portraits , saying ` selfies are bad ' The Prince , who is in Australia for a four-week secondment with Australian Defence Force , then reported for duty . The 30-year-old touched in Sydney on Monday at 8.30 am , before travelling to Canberra in the ACT on a RAAF jet . Dressed in his white tropical dress uniform of the British Army , he also visited the Australian War Memorial .


Melon-headed whales found on beach in Hokota , 60 miles northeast of Tokyo . Rescuers worked nonestop to save the creatures , but only managed to save three . The rest of the animals had either died or were dying , officials said . Scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach .


Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council. Election is first since white police Officer Darren Wilson killed unarmed black teen. Voting is expected to be low, but many are hoping for greater turnout.


It has been suggested the idea is part of move to smarten up Tesco stores . Industry insider says ` sweaty , overweight workers ' are putting shoppers off . Among the advice tips is to get dancing in stores or have walking meetings .


David Cameron this weekend forgot which football team he supported . The PM named West Ham as his team , despite supporting Aston Villa . Labour said the gaffe exposed Mr Cameron as a ` phoney ' leader . The PM today said it was because he had been past West Ham 's ground . Tories later confirm the PM returned to London on Friday in a helicopter .


Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am. Copeland was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.


The organisation has classified over 100 resorts into ` risk ' categories . Urges boycott of those considered to have ` high risk ' of corruption . Among those listed to avoid is the popular Conrad Maldives Rangali Island .


Ticket prices for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao on Saturday night have skyrocketed. The fight is one of the biggest in boxing history. The cheapest ticket on sale through StubHub is $4,600.


Sofinar Gourian found guilty of wearing a dress made from Egyptian flag . A court in Agouza town sentenced the belly dancer to six months in prison . Local businesswoman found the dress insulting and complained to police . Strict laws prevents the flag being displayed if damaged or tampered with .


Nyia Parler , 41 , allegedly left her son in woods with just a blanket and a bible . The 21-year-old boy , who also has cerebral palsy , was found on Friday night . Police say he had been there for five days and the last time he and his mother were seen together was on Easter Sunday . The boy 's mother , who has been charged with


Promotion is part of Al Pacino 's speaking tour in the UK and Ireland . Package includes tickets to two shows and a five-star hotel stay in London . If it 's too pricey , fans can pay £ 2,500 for alone time in his dressing room . Scarface and Godfather actor is speaking in Glasgow , London and Dublin .


Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. They include protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and B/Phuket. Experts say the modified version of the vaccine is worth waiting for.


louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold . she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend . ms nesbitt immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message . she also sent a further message explaining the insult was a 'joke within our family' ms nesbitt was fired five days after the incident due to 'gross misconduct'


Tonya Stack , wife of Mike Stack , allegedly hurled drink at fundraiser . Kevin Boyle , who sits in PA House of Representatives , says he was hit with obscene gesture , called it ` trashy ' , then got covered in sticky drink . Event was held in honor of Michael Strange , who died in Afghanistan . Boyle and Stack , both Democrats , have been in political power struggles . Backed separate candidates for seats in house legislature .


List is dominated by European nations - particularly those in Scandinavia . Switzerland is now the happiest nation , with Iceland the most rapid riser . Reasons range from strong GDP to beautiful scenery and a vibrant culture . UK ranks at a lowly 21 , although Brits are happier now than back in 2012 . World 's least happy nations are unsurprisingly places ravaged by war and extreme poverty , such as Syria , Burundi and Togo .


a large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on friday in central california, injuring at least 15 people, four of them critically, authorities said . the explosion happened at the fresno county sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt . the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said .


The Lowenbrau Keller has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` Wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` Make Mein A Dubbel ' , sparking outrage from Collective Shout , who claim the advertisements reinforce sexual objectification . The LowenBrau Keller responded to the claims and said that the advertisements were meant as ` fun play-on words '


West Brom owner Jeremy Peace is looking to sell the Midlands club . He is open to offers and is understood to want between £ 150m and £ 200m . Tony Pulis says Peace has given him his word that a takeover will not drag . Pulis also praised Saido Berahino 's impact at the club this season .


A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . The young woman , who cannot be named , told Sydney 's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships . The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the


Two rare paintings by art director Jack Martin Smith have sold for £ 35,000 . They were used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz . One of the watercolours shows moment Dorothy met Oz for the first time . Current owner bought paintings for small amount at estate sale in 1980s .


Steph Curry made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the practice session . Golden State Warriors sit top of the Western Conference standings . Warriors host Denver Nuggets in regular season finale on Wednesday .


Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 . The Dorset-born 24-year-old was left out of the 2012 London Olympic squad . Cook applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici . The British Olympic Association -LRB- BOA -RRB- have ratified Cook 's move . British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says he is ` saddened ' to lose


Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul. It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.


Stuart McCall insists he 's loving life managing Rangers despite pressures . The Gers lost their first under McCall losing 3-0 to Queen of the South . The former Motherwell boss does n't regret taking on the difficult role . CLICK HERE for all the latest Rangers news .


Swedish home furnishings company have launched ` Wedding Online ' Guests need webcams and their faces are pasted on to virtual bodies . Couples choose wedding themes including fairy tale , beach , high society .


Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing on heroin and Xanax in early March. His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.


Jeanette Rosenquist spotted the bird just outside Copenhagen , Denmark . Bird collected moss , grass and straw to line nest in damaged street light . Blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to ready a nest for eggs . Female usually builds nest by herself with little or no help from the male .


Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend. The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.


Mamadou Sakho limped off in Liverpool win over Blackburn Rovers . Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute of the 1-0 victory . Liverpool face Newcastle United in the Premier League on Monday night . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


England paceman Stuart Broad back to his best with four-wicket haul . Openers Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott shared first half-century stand . The tourists closed on 74-0 in reply to West Indies ' first innings total of 299 .


the nbc investigation into disgraced anchor brian williams found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . the leaked information, along with a report that williams lied during an interview on the daily show with jon stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network, according to media executives . 'you’re dead. now negotiate,' one media executive told politico .


Tulip Siddiq , a former aide to Ed Miliband , is standing for Labour in Hampstead . She was at the Kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of Bangladesh . She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina , the Prime Minister of Bangladesh .


A blast rocks a chemical plant in China 's southeastern Fujian province for the second time in two years . Six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized . The explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills .


kim kardashian: hollywood uses kim's likeness and voice . lindsay lohan and katy perry also have apps . femail investigates what it's like to 'live' a celebrity for a day .


selina dicker, 38, described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp . she was at the same camp on april 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group .


West Indies reach 155 for four at stumps on day two of first Test . Hosts still 244 runs adrift of England 's first innings total of 399 . Resuming on 341 for five , England 's final five wickets fell for 58 . Jimmy Anderson , Chris Jordan , Stuart Broad and James Tredwell all take a wicket each in West Indies ' first innings at Sir Viv Richards Stadium . Anderson has 381 Test wickets , two less than Sir Ian Botham . Shiv Chanderpaul 29 * and Jermaine Blackwood 30 * at stumps . NASSER HUSSAIN : Jimmy Anderson is still the sultan of swing .


Rebels bikie gang boss Alex Vella has been stranded in Malta since his visa was cancelled in June last year . The Federal Court ruled this week he is banned from returning to Australia and the ` The Maltese Falcon ' has been ordered to pay court costs . Millionaire businessman Vella sold key rings and t-shirts to raise money for his court challenge . Court documents claimed Rebels engaged in drug dealing , extortion and kidnapping under Vella .


Paul Gregory, 51, of Bedford, was fined £795 for having a blue badge. He claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker. He was exposed when Bedford Borough Council staff read an article describing how the 'experienced walker' had been attacked by cows in Cumbria on the third day of a hike in 2012.


The 13th century castle sits on 46 hectares of land in the Dordogne valley . It is only 15 minutes from an airport with direct flights to London . The castle is also a short drive from the world-famous Bergerac wine area . As well as 14 bathrooms the castle has its very own swimming pool .


Nursing student went missing during night out with friends at weekend . Her body was found on a farm six miles north of Glasgow this week . Alexander Pacteau , from Glasgow , has been charged with her murder . 21-year-old is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice .


Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 on Saturday to move four points clear in second . But chief executive Ivan Gazidis is ` not happy ' to miss out on title again . Gazidis fears Arsenal may struggle to make Champions League in future .


Car crashed into Melbourne lake just before 4 pm on Wednesday . Three young children died and another is in a serious condition in hospital . A Sudanese mother of seven was behind the wheel of Toyota Kluger . She was released from hospital and has been interviewed by police . The woman , 35 , has been released from police custody . The father of the three children who died says he believes the mother is innocent .


Louis Smith decided to focus on media career following London 2012 . Gymnast Smith competed for England at last year 's Commonwealth Games . Max Whitlock and Kristian Thomas also been included in six-man squad .


Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month. The 32-year-old bar manager was found guilty of insulting religion along with the bar's Burmese owner and another manager. Human rights campaigners claim he has been 'abandoned' by the Foreign Office.


Gaston Pinsard , 96 , admitted sexually assault two girls over 50 years ago . His victims were just five-years-old when the abuse first started . Jailed for 18 months after he admitted nine charges of indecent assault . Judge describes the case as ` distressing and unpleasant ' as he jails OAP .


Some savvy social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail while he skateboards down the street, Sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm.


The Oak Bottle claims to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years . The product retails at £ 50 and promises to impart authentic aged flavours . Oz Clarke says its a fun product and would make an interesting gift . Visit oakbottle.com . The Pocket Wine Book by Oz Clarke is published by Pavilion Books at £ 9.99 .


A shop owner from Mozambique has died from his injuries in a Johannesburg hospital amid xenophobic violence . At least six have been killed by armed gangs wielding machetes , hammers and sticks who are targeting foreigners . The anti-immigration violence in South Africa has forced thousands of people to flee their homes and the country . President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to ` shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on Africans and South Asians .


Over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of Key West , Florida , have fought Ebola . The `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease . In Liberia and Sierra Leone , the number of cases has fallen so much , there are more treatment facilities than demand .


Dr. Sergio Canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant . The first patient will be a 30-year-old Russian man with a rare , genetic muscle wasting disease . One ethicist says Canavero should be helping paralyzed patients walk before performing body transplants .


Teresa Bullock captured the clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel . The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick .


SS guard Charlotte S trained her Alsatian to bite at inmates ' private parts . Gisela S locked up to 15 prisoners in a tiny ` standing cell ' for days . Gertrud Elli Senff revelled in the power of playing ` God ' with people 's lives . She picked who lived and who was sent to the gas chambers to die . But all three women - now frail and in their 90s - will never face justice .


Toddler filmed beating her chest at the Silverback at a Nebraska zoo . Gorilla then takes a run at the glass - and hits it with such force it cracks . The footage captures the terrified family running for their lives . Video of Thursday 's incident has got 126,000 views since it was uploaded .


Victoria 's Secret caused huge consumer backlash with ` The Perfect Body ' Campaign was amended after Change.com petition started by students . D + bra brand Curvy Kate spoof ad using top 10 Star In A Bra contenders . Competition for ` real women ' finds their next lingerie model each year .


Pilot program allows students at one of Sydney 's most prestigious schools to bypass the Higher School Certificate and attend Sydney University . Successful completion of the 17-week guarantees Scot 's College students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law . Tuition , sporting and curriculum-related fees at the college reportedly topped $ 30,000 per year in 2013 . ` Education should be open to all , not just those who can afford it , ' National Union of Students spokeswoman tells Daily Mail Australia .


Gillian Nelson had complications with birth before being taken to theatre . Widower recalls ` blur ' of staff as she ` bled heavily ' at hospital in Bromley . Had blood transfusion and hysterectomy but doctors ` ran out of options ' Southwark Coroner 's Court hears allegations of ` gaps in her monitoring '


AP McCoy 's mount Benvolio withdrawn from Scottish Grand National . Paul Nicholls pulls horse due to unsuitable drying conditions at Ayr . McCoy is due to retire next week after over 4,000 career wins .


A host of footballing legends graced the field to raise money for charity . Bazilian Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane were among the stars taking part . Clarence Seedorf , Fabian Barthez and Gianluca Zambrotta also played . As did Jay-Jay Okocha , David Trezeguet and Vladimir Smicer .


Police have seen a surge in number of child sex abuse cases since 2011 . In South Yorkshire the figure rose by 577 per cent over the last four years . Comes after 1,400 children were found to have been abused in Rotherham . Despite the rise in reported cases the number of arrests made decreased . Critics described the ratio of arrests to reports as a ` national scandal '


Victorino Chua , 49 , wrote 13-page document describing his battle with depression and physical injury . Described note as ` bitter nurse confession ' and said he had a ` devil in me ' Claimed he had contemplated suicide but thought he 'd go ` straight to hell ' Chua denies murdering three patients at Stockport hospital in 2011 .


The 26-year-old mother was found sitting in her cubicle at Ceva Logistics in Michigan with blood on her clothes . Co-workers heard moaning and found blood all over bathroom stall . Police arrived on the scene and discovered baby 's body stuffed inside mother 's bag beneath her desk . Medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .


India predicted to outpace China as as world 's fastest-growing economy in next year . China 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth . But experts say India simply ca n't size up against China 's raw economic might .


The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack , a spokesman says . At least 12 people were killed in the attack in Mogadishu , officials say . Soldiers from the African Union teamed up with Somali security forces to shoot and kill the attackers .


Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill take part. Oxlade-Chamberlain impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt. Cahill seemed more concerned by wearing an oversized shirt.


Andrew O'Clee, 36, was caught out after his wife Philippa Campbell, 39, posted a video of him doing the ice bucket challenge on Facebook. The video was captioned 'uncle Andrew', 'auntie Philippa' and 'auntie Philippa' The couple have two children together.


toronto’s cn tower is one of canada’s most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years . at 1,815ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the seven wonders of the modern world . visitors can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to an overhead rail .


Journalist Sunir Pandey was visiting relatives with Nepal 's 7.8 magnitude quake struck . He says they ran to shelter under a concrete beam and prayed , as dust rose from the rubble .


Franck Ribery turned down Real Madrid after being sold on his importance to Bayern Munich . The 32-year-old says he was told he was as important to Bayern as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona . The Frenchman has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League . He was third behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi in the 2013 Ballon d ` Or awards .


Michelle Obama's office said the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. The service was paid for from a private fund that is administered by the White House Historical Association and used to acquire fine and decorative arts for the presidential mansion.


Pep Guardiola ` would not go to a club like Manchester City ' , claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . The Bayern Munich boss will see out his three-year contract with the German champions . Guardiola has been linked with a move to Premier League champions .


bhutan is a tiny himalayan kingdom wedged between tibet and india . it is a land of myths and magic - a shangri-la where tigers fly through the air . gross national happiness is considered far more important than economic success .


Norwich beat Bolton 2-1 at the Macron Stadium in the Championship . Graham Dorrans gave the visitors the lead inside 10 minutes . Adam Le Fondre drew Neil Lennon 's side level after 18 . Gary Hooper won the game for Norwich in the closing moments . Norwich remain second ahead of Watford on goal difference .


Garment is part of an animal-skin display at National Museum of Denmark . It is known as a ` naatsit ' and was worn during 19th century in Greenland . Depending on the weather , the naatsit was often the only garment worn . Other items include a diaper made from reindeer skin and fur .


Leaj Jarvis Price , 24 , ran into a doctor 's office in Jemison , Al , on Monday . She screamed ` call the police ' , prompting doctors to run out to help her . Seconds later , she was allegedly shot dead by husband , Eric Price , 25 . Price then staged standoff with police at their home and ` shot himself ' Taken to hospital in unknown condition ; has been charged with murder . Court records show pair had been locked in custody battle over their son .


Leeds Rhinos issued statement outlining Zak Hardaker 's punishment . Hardaker has been sent on an anger management course by the club . Student suffered two black eyes and bruised neck in incident at flats . No-one has been charged , but other Leeds players have been disciplined .


Aiko Chihira will only speak Japanese - but is capable of sign language . Created to appear , talk and move as humanly as possible . Will offer guidance to customers with information about store .


Each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year . It 's estimated


Dispatchers received a call at 5.15 pm on Thursday from a woman trying to drive to the hospital . A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery . The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville .


Richie Benaud , who died last night aged 84 , was the voice of cricket . He played in 64 Tests as a leg-spinning all-rounder and captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s . He began broadcasting for the BBC while still a player in 1963 and carried on until a car crash forced him out of the commentary box in 2013 .


Roman Abramovich has bought the 19th century Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels. The Chelsea owner, who regularly visits Tel Aviv on business, is expected to convert the building into his Israeli home. The hotel complex covers 1,500 square metres and contains six bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens.


Jason Lee , 38 , was arrested in August 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in East Hampton . Lee invited the woman , her brother and friends back to the house after they met at trendy restaurant . He allegedly forced his way into the bathroom while the girl was inside , then undressed and pinned her to the floor . He was found by police allegedly hiding in a car with tinted windows in his driveway . Lee walked hand in hand into court with his wife for trial on Wednesday .


Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool . The 20-year-old has been offered £ 100,000-a-week by the Reds . But Raheem 's agent Aidy Ward is using aggressive tactics . Roy Keane insists a footballer should ` always look after No 1 '


MTV Movie Awards host Amy Schumer had some hits and misses during the show . Rebel Wilson tossed in a censor-worthy joke .


Annegret Raunigk , 65 , from Berlin , due to give birth to four babies in weeks . She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated . Mother-of-13 previously made headlines in Germany after giving birth to her youngest daughter Leila a decade ago , aged 55 .


Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . The Southampton midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham . Ronald Koeman has admitted that Schneiderlin may leave the club this summer . Koeman also conceded that he may have to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne .


Man City bounced back from derby defeat with 2-0 win over West Ham . Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season during victory . Jesus Navas impressed on the right-hand side of City 's midfield . Manuel Pellegrini 's side have moved to within one point of rivals United .


Australian radio host stands up for women going through IVF treatment . Mel started her own IVF treatment and was showing solidarity with others . She uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time on her blog . ` I joined a new club ... It 's the IVF Baby Club , ' the 33-year-old said . She married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November .


John Truong of Renton , Washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy Ronnie Tran at his house Tuesday . Sister Alyssa Chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night . While scanning Facebook the next morning , Truong read an Amber Alert issued for the boy and then called police . Truong 's sister was arrested for kidnapping Tran and his mother , with the help of the toddler 's grandmother , 65-year-old Vien Nguyen . Nguyen later turned herself into police for questioning . The motive for the abduction has not yet been released .


Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso both retired in Malaysia last month . Button says , however , that McLaren are moving in the right direction . The Chinese Grand Prix takes place in Shanghai this weekend .


Wayne Rooney listed his five most memorable moments of the derby . Manchester United welcome neighbours City to Old Trafford on Sunday . Rooney 's overhead kick and winner in the Carling Cup made the list . Paul Scholes , Michael Owen and Robin van Persie were also included . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Last year 15 million people fell victim to the symptoms of hayfever . This year that number is expected to rise by a third to 20 million . Experts told MailOnline warmer weather can result in very high pollen counts which trigger symptoms in new sufferers . High temperatures also increase air pollution , which worsen symptoms .


Mexican prosecutors are looking into possible criminal conduct . Alondra Luna Nunez was flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed Alondra was her daughter . DNA testing in Texas showed that she was not Dorotea Garcia 's daughter . The 14-year-old was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday . Alondra 's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online .


Nico Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix by slowing down . Former world champion Mika Hakkinen said Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself . ` You do n't think about the guy behind you , what he is feeling , how his car is handling or how you want his car to handle at the end


Barney Gibson became the youngest first-class cricketer in 2011 . The Yorkshire wicketkeeper made his debut shortly at 15 . Gibson said it was a ` difficult decision ' to retire from the game .


All incidents concerned flights coming into London Heathrow . Baku , Azerbaijan flight turned around after only 11 minutes with issue . Passenger on Mumbai-London flight says ` engine was leaking ' and plane diverted to Istanbul , Turkey . Person taken ill on UK-bound flight from Angola and plane lands at Paris Charles de Gaulle .


Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League . The Saints remain in the hunt for a place in next season 's Champions League . Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four . The Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season . Koeman 's side travel to Sunderland , Leicester and City


Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India -- documented at 6ft -LRB- 1.8 m -RRB- in the Limca Book of Records . Her hair now stands at 7ft -LRB- 2.1 m -RRB- , more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel does not intend to rest on her laurels .


Weinstein 's wife Georgina Chapman , 38 , is seeking to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible , according to one of the sources . On Friday it emerged a sting set up by the NYPD shows Weinstein did n't deny touching Italian model Ambra Battilana - and apologized to her . She alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his Manhattan office on Friday night . A source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the NYPD , he did not deny touching her . The Hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges . But a spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together .


robert bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 shooting death of eric harris . aidan fraley, 16, the son of harris's father, says bates should never have been deputized and given a gun . fraley's mother, who calls harris her 'soulmate', has already forgiven bates .


Porsche owner was left devastated after his # 80,000 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry . Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road . One onlooker said : ` The bloke looked absolutely distraught . It was obviously his pride and joy '


Stoll is a center who has played for the Kings since 2008 . He is reportedly involved with sportscaster and `` Dancing with the Stars '' host Erin Andrews .


The 40cm-long Philippine crocodiles travelled in custom designed boxes . They were sent to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre . The project is part of a conservation effort for the endangered species . Philippine crocodiles are the most endangered croc species in the world .


michelle schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment at cleveland zoo . mother-of-three has degree in therapeutic childcare and three sons . witnesses say she dangled her son over 10-foot-deep enclosure . she and her husband jumped into pit at cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday . boy was treated for leg injury and is in stable condition in hospital .


Slovenian-born Aljaz Bedene secured a British passport last month . International Tennis Federation ruled Bedene ca n't play for Great Britain . Ruling comes after Bedene played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011 . Rusedski , who switched to Britain from Canada , offered his support . Bedene 's world No 99 ranking puts him only behind Andy Murray in Britain . Murray backed Bedene 's switch saying it would motivate those below him .


Two former casino workers and a former model spoke out for the first time . They were aged 20 , 24 , and 27 at the time of the alleged assaults . All claim Cosby , 77 , gave them either drugs or alcohol . One described ` waking up in bed naked next to him after being drugged ' Gloria Allred , lawyer for many of the 38 alleged victims , represents them . She said she planned the press conference to damage Cosby 's ticket sales .


Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50m price tag on Paulo Dybala. The Serie A club are keen to cash in on the Argentine midfielder. PSG boss Roberto Mancini watched Palermo lose 1-0 to Parma on Sunday.


Chelsea played out a 0-0 draw with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday . Jose Mourinho started with no striker despite having Didier Drogba . His tactics were not pretty but of deserving Premier League champions . Willian gave perhaps his best performance in a Chelsea shirt .


`` Real Housewives of Beverly Hills '' star Kim Richards was arrested early Thursday morning . Beverly Hills police say Richards would n't leave a hotel when asked and later struck an officer .


Steve Cotterill has taken Bristol City to the brink of a Championship return. The club have already won silverware this season in the form of a Johnstone's Paint Trophy win. Cotterill is aware that they'd be nowhere near a win away from League One promotion.


Durst , a convicted felon , charged with unlawful possession of a firearm . He is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison .


Lawsuit tried to block Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga . Family 's lawsuit said yoga promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity . 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld court ruling against suit . District said yoga taught in secular way to promote flexibility and balance . Yoga taught to district 's 5,600 students at twice-weekly , 30-minute classes .


Roberto Carlos won the 2002 World Cup as a player with Brazil . The 42-year-old has worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor . Carlos has revealed his desire to one day become manager of Brazil .


Brandon Afoa , 33 , of Puyallup was operating a tug to push back aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift . The incident , which took place on December 26 , 2007 , left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm . For years the case was locked in courts because the Port of Seattle claimed it was n't liable as Afoa worked for a private company . However , the state supreme court ruled the airport operator had a ` duty ' to provide a safe working environment . A jury awarded the judgment on Tuesday .


Elbit Systems are working with the Israeli Ministry of Defense . Sensors are so precise there will be ` no false alarms ' Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals for the project .


Aaron Bee , 22 , spent two weeks on the run from Lincolnshire Police . The father of one posted taunting selfies on Facebook over 13 days . Officers finally caught up with him at a cafe in Lincoln in November . He was has now been jailed for eight months over domestic violence .


South Korea 's Kim Sei-young has a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration at Mission Hills . The 22-year-old struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 . Morgan Pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72 . Long-hitting American Brittany Lincicome , the 2009 winner of a women 's major ,


Chinese hospital marked for demolition because of road expansion project . Bosses asked team of engineers to put two-storey building on ` wheels ' More than 1,000 rollers have been placed under the large brick building . It is pushed 8 metres a day on giant metal rollers out of the demolition zone .


In Italy , one oceanfront property was used as a summer home by European royalty until the 1940s . Meanwhile , in Mauritius , a new 288-villa development is underway situated in a protected nature reserve . Antigua 's Villa Nicobar has neighbours , such as Giorgio Armani , who are as stylish as its airy interiors .


Teller Lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by thousands of gold fish. Wildlife officials say the fish started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water. The animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, it's believed.


Philippe Coutinho has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year . Brazil international arrived at Liverpool from Inter Milan for £ 8.5 m in 2013 . Serie A side admit they should have shown more patience with Reds star .


Former Olympian said he has ` always been on the conservative side ' of LGBT issues . Said : ` I would sit in church and always wonder , `` In God 's eyes , how does he see me ? '' '


The St. Regis Abu Dhabi 's signature suite hovers 200m above the ground . The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf . In-room spa offers a private steam room , sauna , Jacuzzi , two treatment beds and exercise room .


Peter Kelly , 34 , was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River . He and a friend were fishing on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three teens being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side . Kelly and Ross Lechman confronted the teens and an argument ensued . One of the teens , Levi Acre-Kendall , 19 , has been charged with first-degree reckless homicide . He is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years in prison .


Keanu Reeves is a self-confessed petrolhead and visited Red Bull . Reeves says the whole process of Formula One is much like Hollywood . Red Bull currently preparing for Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai . CLICK HERE for all the latest Formula One news .


It 's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen . Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , Malenda Meacham . Over the years she has become known as the Bongo Lady with thousands of followers on social media . Last


Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao . Valencia were reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off . Espanyol extended Villarreal 's winless streak to six games with a 3-0 win . Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three by beating Elche 1-0 .


amir khan will fight chris algieri at welterweight on may 30 . the bolton fighter has been linked with bouts against kell brook and keith thurman . algieri lost his last fight against manny pacquiao in november . click here for all the latest boxing news .


Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for the Betfred World Championship . The 57-year-old is a six-time world champion at the Crucible . But Davis admitted he is not fully committed to the sport . Jimmy White and Reanne Evans are also hoping to qualify .


South Korean adventure seekers have founded a surfing community near the country 's border with the North . The demilitarized zone , separating the North and South , features the world 's largest border military presence . The community consists of Seoul 's growing jet-setting adventure class , hipsters , gangsters and ex-pats .


Bilby numbers are dropping with only around 600 left in Queensland . The native marsupial once occupied 70 per cent of the Australian mainland . Now , they have disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area . Introduced predators like feral cats and foxes are their biggest threat . Controlled breeding programs are in place to try and save the Easter icon .


Jay Brittain , 63 , paints the talons of baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre , Herefordshire . The fledglings look so similar at birth that staff could end up overfeeding them , which can be fatal for the birds . So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish their nails using nail polish in their very own ` talon salon '


Robert Gentile , 78 , appeared in federal court in Hartford , . Connecticut , on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to . His lawyer , Ryan McGuigan , said the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to speak about the $ 500million art heist from Boston 's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in 1990 . The heist took place on the rainy night of March 18


Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool but picked himself up each time . He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits . Man United legend George Best also wore his socks round his ankles with GrealISH deciding to do the same .


Protein World 's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` Are you beach body ready ? ' Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago . The ` body shaming ' campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans . More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed


50 Vietnamese asylum seekers are allegedly being returned to Vietnam . Reports claim Australian vessel HMAS Choules transferred them on Friday . The secret voyage would cost $ 2.8 million of taypayer money . 15 asylum boats and 429 asylum seekers have been stopped since 2013 . Abbott government claims a 90 % reduction of illegal maritime arrivals under Operation Sovereign Borders .


Take part in probably the world 's largest Easter egg hunts in the maze at Traquair castle . Bottle feed lambs in Wales . Channel your inner Ray Mears at Hadrian 's Wall . Watch fireworks to celebrate the 500th birthday of Hampton Court . Watch medieval jousting at Hedingham Castle . Tread the boards with the Royal Shakespeare Theatre .


jacob hall, from iowa, asked australian reddit users to record a message from the tooth fairy for his son, evan . father-of-three jeff pyrotek answered mr hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud . mr hall said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the recording .


Dani Alves , Neymar and Adriano celebrated their victory over Celta Vigo . The flamboyant Brazilian 's all wore matching double denim outfits . Jeremy Mathieu says Barcelona were poor throughout the game . The Frenchman praised his defensive partner Gerard Pique for his display . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .


Kimberley Donoghue fell down stairs carrying a box of decorations . The 28-year-old was put into a cast just four days before her wedding . The bride was wheeled into church by her dad , and sat to say her vows . After a year of planning , she says she ` knew something had to go wrong '


Swiss Professor Jean-Pierre Wolf is pioneering the use of lasers to affect the weather . He suggests lasers could also be used to limit the impact of climate change .


Two men had made the DIY boat at their home using scrap wood and glue . But the pair became stranded from the shore after their oars snapped . Rescuers were stunned to see a homemade boat being taken out to sea .


Houthis call for halt to fighting and resumption of peace talks . The cessation of airstrikes lasted less than 24 hours . Next phase , called `` Operation Renewal of Hope , '' will focus on political process .


Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month 's general election . Campbell has joined forces with Homeland actor David Harewood , musician Tinie Tempah and Paralympian Ade Adepitan . The campaign , run by Operation Black Vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20 .


cardinal francis george was remembered as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as catholics said their final goodbyes . george led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of roman catholic orthodoxy . george, a chicago native, died friday at age 78, of kidney cancer . he was to be buried thursday in his family's plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines .


Delroy Facey is standing trial in Birmingham over match-fixing allegations . The former Premier League footballer denies conspiracy to commit bribery . Facey formerly played for Bolton Wanderers , West Brom and Hull City . 34-year-old is alleged to have offered Hyde FC 's Scott Spencer £ 2,000 . Facey stands trial alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu , who also denies the charges .


More than 1,800 deaths reported after Nepal earthquake . Rescue efforts range from digging by hand to military deployments .


NEW: A deal would include strict verification measures. NEW: The deal would include strict verification measures, U.S. President Obama says. The deal would reduce Iran's stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98%.


A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville , Kentucky , during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama 's motorcade . Dispatchers received a call at 5.15 pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital . The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville .


Thomas Buckett , 21 , plunged 15ft after friends dared him to jump on glass skylight . He suffered life-changing head injuries and had to undergo invasive surgery . It was originally claimed that he climbed on the roof to fetch a football . But a police officer who investigated the break-in wrote an email of support to the council . He said : ` This incident was the fault


Australia have relaxed their policy on selecting overseas players . The Wallabies can now pick ` elite ' players based abroad . Provided they have 60 caps and seven years of service at home . Matt Giteau has starred for Toulon in recent seasons . The former Wallabies fly half is set for a recall for the World Cup .


the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids, followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus (hpv) in europe, norway came out as what the maps called a 'herpes hotspot' generating the most searches per capita . switzerland was the centre for the most searches about syphilis in europe, while croatians were the hotspot for hpv . in the us, mississippi came out as the capital for gonorrhea,


Three-strong crew at helm of luxury yacht arrested by Sicilian police . Boat filled with Syrian and Palestinian migrants - including 23 children . Syrian crew identified by selfies taken by the yacht 's passengers . Latest boat stopped making crossing turning the Med into a ` cemetery '


Eaze app lets people order marijuana for medical purposes to their home . Californian start-up raised $ 10 million to roll out app to other states . Lists the composition of cannabis and users pay when they receive drugs . Orders can arrive in minutes from drivers that have been vetted by the firm .


Gary Kroeger announced Tuesday that he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa 's 1st District . The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment . He is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus .


arjen robben has missed bayern munich's last three games with abdominal injury . holland international is close to returning to full fitness . robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days .


Lifting sanctions could pave the way for Iran to build atomic bomb . Obama hailed new deal as a ` historic understanding ' Critics including Saudi Arabia fear deal gives Iran scope to cheat .


Swazi gold is grown in the tiny South African sovereign state of Swaziland . The climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana . Farmers developed the potent strain through cross-pollination . They can now yield double the crop they once could annually . The swazi gold that stays in South Africa is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive cocktail known as nyope .


Friends of Tuti Yusupova claim she was born in Uzbekistan in 1880 . Officials believe her birth certificate and passport can prove her age . They have asked the Guinness Book of Records to update their figures . The previous record holder Jeanne Calment was 122 when she died .


Paul Walker died in a car crash in November 2013 . The film `` Furious 7 '' is out Friday . There have been multiple tributes to Walker leading up to the release . `` You 'll feel it when you see it , '' says co-star Vin Diesel at premiere .


In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner 's gender transition with Amy Pascal . When the director is asked if he has anything to show Pascal from his new movie Aloha he responds ; ` Does Bruce Jenner want boobs ? Hell yes ' Aloha , which stars Emma Stone and Bradley Cooper , was blasted in a previously leaked email by Pascal .


The young girl who died has been identified as Piper by 9News . She was in the car with her mother , Chantelle Boddy , and two brothers . Her Holden Astra spun out of control , colliding with a ute on Wyee Road near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast about 5.15 pm on Saturday . Two boys , aged nine and 12 , were airlifted to The Children 's


Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium. James Collins and Sergio Aguero both scored as Manuel Pellegrini's side win. Pablo Zabaleta and Frank Lampard both impressed for the champions.


The mother of Stephanie Scott 's accused murderer is assisting police . Anika Stanford visited Leeton Police Station on Thursday for 45 minutes . Ms Stanford and her eldest son led police to Ms Scott 's body . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder . The school teacher 's funeral was held in Eugowra in NSW 's central-west . Service was held at the same venue where she was set to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley .


Kat Lee 's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward following her son 's surgery for his broken jaw in two places . She told The Advertiser a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog . Ms Lee 's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares .


Jay Dasilva , the eldest of the three children , who left Luton Town 's academy to make the 100-mile round trip , three or fours times a week , to Chelsea 's Cobham training base . The young left back is forging a bright reputation for himself and was recently hailed as a star by Ian Wright . Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season .


Swimmer uses selfie-stick to film her reaction when manatee floats past . Frightened Spring-breaker was in water in Florida when she took footage . The short clip shows the giant herbivorous creature passing within inches .


Park Crescent West , next to Regents Park in London , could be demolished and re-built again under controversial plans . Developers want to replace the Grade I listed crescent , which is a ` flawed modern copy ' of the original work by John Nash . The revamp will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £ 15million .


prime minister launches furious attack on labour mps 'bleating' about poverty . accuses ed miliband and ed balls of having 'some brass neck' by attacking tories . mr cameron said labour left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor'


Paul Parker 's expired passport was listed on eBay for # 5,000 . The former defender played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 . Parker made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles . The seller described Parker as an ` ex-Manchester United and Chelsea legend '


Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage . The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft . 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012 , including six this year . Airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 .


Stan Freberg, 88, died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital. He was known for his satirical and irreverent commercials. Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist" He won a Grammy Award for best performance, documentary or spoken word for "The Best of the Stan Freberg Shows"


andre schurrle and mario gotze were joined by girlfriends montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel for a double date on sunday night . schurrle came on as a second-half substitute during wolfsburg 2-0 win away to hamburg . gotze helped bayern munich to a 3-0 win against eintracht frankfurt .


Labour candidate Rupa Huq accepted £ 1,000 from Blair earlier this year . She campaigned heavily against Iraq War but said : ` Elections cost money ' Three colleagues turned down cash from former Prime Minister in March . Ms Huq - sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie - said candidates who turned down Blair 's donation were ` sticking their noses up '


Poul Thomsen , the IMF 's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country 's current bail out . The fund 's Europe chief reportedly told his executive board that negotiations were not going as hoped . He also issued a warning over Greece 's recent , weak economic performance .


Shelley Dufresne was arrested in September when a student at the high school she taught at started bragging about sleeping with two teachers . It was later revealed that the 16-year-old had sex with both Dufresne and his former English teacher , 24-year-old Rachel Respess . Dufresne , 32 , pleaded not guilty to charges in November , but changed course on Thursday when she admitted having sex with the teen . In a forgiving plea deal , Dufresne will only have to attend a 90-day therapy program , stay away from the victim and turn in her teacher 's license . In exchange , the charge of carnal knowledge of a child will be dropped after her probation and she wo n't have to register as a sex offender . However , Dufresne is still awaiting an arraignment on charges for having a threesome with the same student and Respess in a different parish .


Gloucester scored tries though Bill Meakes , Tom Savage and Jonny May . Exeter replied through a solitary Elvis Taione touchdown . The Cherry and Whites will contest their first European title since 2006 .


Len McCluskey boasted that trade unions 'own' Labour. The boast comes 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing its budget. The arrogant claim by the former Scottish first minister, who is running as an SNP candidate, was featured on the front page of yesterday's Mail.


obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht . scouts from manchester united, everton, sunderland, burnley, dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium to watch the match . oulare is the son of former guinea international souleymane oulare .


middlesbrough lead the championship by seven points with four weeks to go . bournemouth are second with watford and norwich a point behind . boro have a buffer of a point with six matches to play on monday .


Around 400 migrants trying to reach Europe died when their boat capsized . Body of one migrant on another vessel was thrown overboard to sharks . Stories emerged after more than 8,000 crossed Mediterranean at weekend .


Prosecutors formally charged former top official Zhou Yongkang . Zhou charged with accepting bribes , abuse of power and leaking state secrets . Former domestic security official is the most senior Chinese official to face corruption charges .


The Queen was pictured on her annual visit to Newbury 's opening . Her Richard Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth went close to a win . The 7-1 shot was making her debut in the Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes .


Zoe O'Connell , 37 , is bidding to become Britain 's first transgender MP . Lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers , Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight . Ms Brown , 41 , and Ms Knight , 39 , were once a straight married couple - when Ms Brown was a man . Parliamentary candidate for Maldon , Essex , said : ` We 're in a relationship and we 're not ashamed of that '


Three rabbis found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court . They were accused of orchestrating kidnapping , torture of Jewish men who refused to allow their wives a religious divorce . Lawyers for the rabbis said they plan on appealing the verdicts .


2006 Big Brother winner Pete squandered prize money on ketamine . He is now clean but homeless - and tells Jeremy Kyle he wants act . We look back at the fates of other winners of the reality TV show . Some work in showbiz , while others returned to everyday life .


Paul Merson had questioned England selection of Andros Townsend . Tottenham winger scored equaliser in Tuesday 's 1-1 draw with Italy . Merson admitted Townsend had proved him wrong with ` great goal '


Leicester City travel to West Brom in Premier League on Saturday . Nigel Pearson 's side have eight games to save top-flight status . Currently sit bottom of the division six points from safety . Foxes boss Pearson admits they have no margin for error .


Lydia Ko 's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to end when the world No 1 bogeyed two of her last four holes for a 73 . Sei Young Kim of South Korea has a two-shot lead at the halfway point .


Ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm. Mr Farage will warn if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.


A new study revealed that 54% of women say the best thing about being single is to go home and straight to bed. But for men, the best perk is the 'variety of sexual partners' Women admit they haven't met 'the one' yet and 64% admit their perfect 'check list' is relatively extensive.


Kenyan deputy president gives U.N. refugee agency three months to relocate refugees. U.N. says it has not received any formal request from Kenya's government about moving Dadaab. Kenya's government says the attack was masterminded by senior Al-Shabaab leader Mohamed Mohamud.


Ukip 's support has fallen in nine out of 10 marginal seats , poll shows . Support for Nigel Farage 's party has more than halved in two seats . Comes after leaked poll showed the Ukip leader on course to lose in Thanet . Nationwide support for Ukip has fallen by 25 % over the last six months .


Traveling to Iran these days, the mood among many people and the government can be described using two words: confident and optimistic. Businesses are already gearing up for a time after the restrictions are lifted, and many people anticipate a huge boost to the economy.


Abe did express `` eternal condolences '' about the loss of American lives in World War II . But he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan 's wartime actions . Kingston : He is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest .


noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband . robert ellis was found dead in a balinese rice field in october 2014 . mrs ellis told a court on wednesday that her husband died 'because of the order from me' mrs ellis told the court that her husband was now 'in heaven' .


Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season . Arsene Wenger has only briefly used the wideman up front . Ian Wright says he would be disappointed to see the winger leave the club . The Gunners legend says the winger should have been moved inside .


Investigation shows colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates . Probe reveals he was not given special treatment during his application . However report in 2009 says he was once he was employed in Tulsa . Supervisors allegedly intimated colleagues to benefit Bates . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris in Tulsa , Oklahoma , on April 2 . District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation .


the a-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed . femail has pulled together the simple but effective styling tips .


Cases have been traced to ill travelers from India and Dominican Republic . Symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea . Sometimes antibiotics are prescribed for more serious cases . However strain has become increasingly resistant to drugs .


A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard at a river in Northern Territory. The hungry freshwater crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek. It was a surprise to the three-metre reptile as it was only a 'little bit of the tail hanging out of his mouth'


Pritesh and Mansi Gandhi had been trying for a baby for ten years . They suffered five miscarriages and lost a baby after six months . Pritesh 's sister Hiral agreed to act as a surrogate to the couple . Three weeks ago they welcomed their son Krish .


World champion hurdler Jana Pittman has given birth to her second child . Her daughter Emily was born on Monday , weighing in at 3.1 kilograms . Just a day before , Pittman was filmed in training for the 2016 Rio Olympics . She trained throughout her pregnancy with her first child , son Cornelis . Pittman aims to be back training in May and looks to compete at Beijing .


Clinton endorsed gay marriage in 2013 ; said she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state ' In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position . Spokesperson today said she ` hopes the Supreme Court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right ' High court will hear arguments on April 28 in cases on the matter . Clinton brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on Sunday that featured a gay couple planning their wedding . She spoke out after GOP candidate Marco Rubio took flak for saying Tuesday that states , not the federal government , should decide the issue .


1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service .


Jose Mourinho : John Terry was one step ahead of every other player . Jamie Carragher : Terry is the best defender in the Premier League era . Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .


Ukip source reveals party had planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis . But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example instead . Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV , 60 per cent were born abroad .


Photographer Mervyn O'Gorman was 42 when he snapped the pictures in 1913 . Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the Autochrome process . His teenage daughter Christina O'Gorman posed in red swimsuit at Lulworth Cove , Dorset . Autochrome photography process used dye and starch to create the melancholy tone . Do you know who Christina was and what happened to her ? Email femail@mailonline.co.uk .


Porto hold a 3-1 first leg advantage over German giants Bayern Munich . Manager Julen Lopetegui insists Porto must be on top form to progress . Porto players appeared in high spirits during training at the Allianz Arena .


ISIS fighters ambushed an Iraqi army convoy of Humvees north of Fallujah . A suicide bomber attacked vehicles before militants opened fire yesterday . Commander of Iraqi first division , colonel and two lieutenant colonels killed .


LaTasha Gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and her son Landen , 7 , were discovered early Wednesday . The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide . Family of the Goslings are now trying to raise money for their funeral services .


Former Blackwater guards Nicholas Slatten , Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for their role in the 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others . Defense lawyers argued for mercy but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility . U.S. . District Judge Royce Lamberth on Monday rejected a


NEW: More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally. NEW: Denver police arrest 11 people for charges such as assaulting a police officer. More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.


Larry Upright died just one day after Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president . In his obituary , his family made just two requests : Please donate to a children 's hospital , and please do n't vote for Clinton . `` He was very passionate about politics , '' his daughter says .


Aston Villa and Reading both charged with failing to stop spectators encroaching on to the pitch during FA Cup quarter-finals . Villa 's victory over West Brom was marred by chaotic scenes . Reading 's win over Bradford saw fans invade the Madejski Stadium pitch . Clubs have until Thursday to respond to FA charges .


yarmouk, the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria, has been engulfed in fighting since december 2012 . an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside yarmouk, stuck between isis and syrian regime forces .


bonnie suchet died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73 . classic fm presenter has spoken openly about wife's diagnosis . in september, he appeared to confirm he was in new relationship .


cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee . the real madrid star was chopped down by antonio amaya inside the box . ronaldo is suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday . carlo ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to ronaldo rescinded .


Another intimate election interview by the Prime Minister and his wife . Mrs Cameron , 43 , reveals her doctor 's advice against having more children . Tory leader David quickly interrupts to say : ` That 's another story , darling '


Dani Alves has a Barcelona contract which will expire in the summer . Manchester United and Liverpool among clubs chasing his signature . Player 's agent Dinorah Santana says Barca deal is far from done . READ : Hector Bellerin tops poll to replace Dani Alves at Barcelona . READ : Dani Alves releases charity single with ex-Barcelona keeper .


Twin 18-month-old boys were pulled from a Yuma , Arizona canal on Friday . Authorities still have not explained what led the boys to be swept away in the canal , but they do n't suspect foul play . Over the weekend , a Go Fund Me page was set up to cover their memorial and medical costs . The campaign page identified the boys as Eli and Silas Keslar , sons of Mark and Alexis Keslar .


Poets House is a swish new hotel in genteel Ely , Cambridgeshire . There are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds . It is glossy and lavish , but manages to stay on the right side of kitsch .


As soon as the buses parked, the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac. They carried duffel bags, plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases. They'd already abandoned larger bags in a mound.


developers in boston have worked with global emergency teams to create its one-touch-911 app . users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help . each call is placed with the phone's gps location, user details and medical information attached . if the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call . the app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions .


Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £ 6.38 billion yesterday . Loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer and reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores . Tesco has been forced to slash the value of its property empire and sell off land cheaply .


Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in the Scottish Championship . David Templeton will form part of a Rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding Championship success of his former club . Hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of Rangers .


Manny Pacquiao held a media workout at the famous Wild Card Gym . He is just over two weeks away from facing Floyd Mayweather on May 2 . Pacquiao will earn more than $ 120m from the richest fight in boxing . But Pacquiao says he is not materialistic and fights to please the fans . Ricky Hatton : Pacquiao has style but Mayweather ` will find a way to win '


a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’ . among the new signatories is simon woodroffe, founder of yo! sushi . others also include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from ftse-250 .


Mick Schumacher made pre-season test debut in Formula 4 in Germany . The 16-year-old was driving weeks after a 100mph crash at another circuit . Pictured turning into gravel once again during tests at Oschersleben track . His father , Michael , is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident .


the santo seat by sii deutschland, beat off competition from 21 finalists . seat is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard plane seat . aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety .


Tristan da Cunha holds competition for architects and designers . Islands are most isolated inhabited archipelago on earth .


Japan aims to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 . The mission is expected to to be used to perfect technologies which could be utilized for future manned space missions .


Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 . Reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th . Meanwhile , names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 .


17-year-old gave birth in shoe factory in China - then went back to work . Baby was ` icy cold ' when he was found by cleaner , then taken to hospital . Teenager kept pregnancy a secret because she was scared of her parents . Her father said : ` My daughter is not married . We can not keep this baby '


jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england's top test wicket taker . anderson's 100th test will be his 100th for england . the batsman's old lancashire team-mate warren hegg says anderson 'wouldn't say boo to a goose'


annah sophia stevenson took three bites into her big mac on saturday . the cosmetic artist then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth . ms stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through the insect's shell . the mother of one took to her facebook account to post her experience .


Hill was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer when she was 18 and by last September , she was told she would not live past December . She passed away in hospital on Friday after defying doctors ' expectations . Last year , the NCAA agreed to bring the season 's first game forward so she could achieve her dream of playing collegiate basketball . She ultimately played four games for Mount St. Joseph University before her health forced her to quit and coach instead . She continued to raise awareness for her cancer and raised $ 1.5 million .


Boxes of Cadbury 's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers . Joins Creme Eggs , PG Tips and John West tuna in goods getting smaller . Strategy allows manufacturers to increase profits without raising prices . Food industry experts believe shrinking ploy is becoming more common .


Jesse Roepcke , 27 , charged with pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . He is accused of riding around Ormond Beach , Florida , with his fiancee and shining a laser at passing cars . During traffic stop , Roepcke told police he was just having fun and did n't know shining a light in drivers ' faces was illegal . A strip search in jail revealed Roepcke had 18-gram bag of marijuana in his rectum .


Clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy . The perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes . Eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on Youtube . While some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .


Spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date . It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter . The map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side .


brittany huber and john redman were involved in a car crash on a georgia highway just days before they were to wed last may . huber was killed on impact and redman was left clinging to life . he survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home . 11 months later, redman helped lead his dalton state college team to its first-ever naia championship .


Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said : ` Labour 's new floating voters . Coming to a country near you soon ' Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from Libya . Up to 950 perishing off Italian island of Lampedusa over the weekend alone .


The University of Kentucky Wildcats were kicked out of the NCAA tournament Saturday night after a loss to Wisconsin . At a press conference following the game , a reporter asked another UK player about Wisconsin 's Frank Kaminsky . Harrison covered his mouth and said ` f *** that n **** ' referring to Kaminsky , and the microphone picked up the slur . In a series of tweets on Sunday , Harrison apologized for the statement . Kaminsky has said that ` nothing needs to be made out of ' the situation .


This week a recording of Sandra Bullock calling 911 was released . It was made in 2014 when the actress discovered stalker Joshua Corbett in her house . Corbett was carrying a note addressed to the actress describing her as ` hot ' , ` taut ' and ` lithe ' Other celebrities to have experienced stalkers , including Justin Bieber , Kim Kardashian and Gwyneth Paltrow .


Ben Stokes returns to the ground where he broke his wrist hitting a locker . He clashed with West Indies batsman Marlon Samuel in the second Test . But his aggression , when controlled , is important to England .


Police investigating links between Hatton Garden heist and Berlin bank raid . German detectives expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week . They are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene .


wu rongrong and four other activists have been detained by chinese authorities . their fate will be revealed by april 13 .


Cheng Chen inspired to make suit after watching film with younger brother . To cut cost , he used plastic instead of metal at a price of just 60p per sqm . Weighs just 4 kg and comes with helmet , laser gloves and power backpack .


Keith Crandall : Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , we are only beginning to understand its effects on the Gulf . A crab species may be a key indicator of the impact , he says .


Amy Murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during screening of erotic film . People sitting in row became annoyed at her for laughing at sex scenes . Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . Police were called to Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea just before end of film . Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly . She was given a 12


Zak Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe. But he was not charged with any offence and was not punished. Leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining his punishment.


ipsosmori questioned 98 candidates about the biggest issues facing britain . not a single labour candidate mentioned the deficit as an issue . 35% of tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of lib dems and 9% of snp candidates .


Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday . Jose Mourinho 's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table . Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season . The Frenchman is looking forward to his clash with Nemanja Matic .


justice anthony kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay . rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating . to 1996 . in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in . 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man . and woman for purposes of federal benefits, kennedy deplored . that u.s. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'


Rifaat al Assad is facing criminal probe over how he amassed huge fortune . Activists say it was stolen from Syria when he was at heart of its regime . Rifaat , 77 , is brother of late Hafez al Assad - Syria 's president for 29 years . He headed notorious internal security forces during 1982 Hama massacre . And was later exiled to Europe after attempting to seize power from brother .


Instinct to avoid arachnids developed as evolutionary response to threat . Scientists say it could mean arachnophobia represents survival instinct . Could date back to early human evolution in Africa , where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago .


A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle . The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta , northeast Victoria . The video has already garnered hundreds of thousands of view on social media since being uploaded on Friday .


House sold for more than $ 1.25 million below value after owners put it on the market for just ONE DOLLAR . The four-bedroom home near Auckland , New Zealand , was valued at $ 1.5 million and sold for $ 125,000 . The price was almost ten times lower than the average in Sydney , and almost six times below Melbourne .


miami university of ohio student rebecca eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old larry tipton . after shooting eldemire twice, tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself . eldemire called 911 the night before her murder for help getting away from her boyfriend .


Arsenal and Juventus have reportedly bid for Palermo 's Paolo Dybala . Argentine forward says final 10 games of season could be his last for club . Arsene Wenger denies interest but Arsenal are said to be his first choice . Dybala scored his 13th goal of Serie A campaign on Saturday .


javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . he is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti's side against atletico on wednesday . hernandez has scored in his last two appearances for real madrid .


The A&E networks are remaking the blockbuster `` Roots '' miniseries , to air in 2016 . The epic 1977 miniseries about an African-American slave had 100 million viewers .


The Bell 525 Relentless boasts an 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . The craft , by Textron , will make its maiden flight this year and is aimed at the rich offshore oil and gas market . It will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity fly 575 miles without stopping .


Economists Olivier Marie from the Dutch University and Ulf Zölitz of IZA studied 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world . They found that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . At the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average


Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on Sunday 's video . The pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year .


Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester City last summer . Midfielder has been in excellent form for the Foxes this season . Nigel Pearson is keen for the 34-year-old to stay . Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League .


Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool 's fan club . The 27-year-old has been called up for England 's final two Tests in West Indies . The Pak Reds have branches in Lahore , Islamabad , Hyderabad , Peshawar and Chakwal . Ali posted pictures with Raheem Sterling and Emre Can on his Twitter account .


dr bav shergill, a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital, east grinstead, gives his verdict .


Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to convince Tim Sherwood to stay at the club. Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time on Saturday. Sherwood says Levy 'didn't say what job' he wanted him to do.


David Wheeler : Corinthian , considered a `` predator '' school , will shut down campuses . Wheeler : Students of for-profit colleges are hapless victims ; their debts should be forgiven .


The Tories publish a separate ` English manifesto ' for the first time . Mr Cameron said delivering ` home rule ' for England is a top priority . Tory government will introduce the new system before March 2016 budget . It will allow English MPsto set separate rate of income tax to Scotland .


barry selby, 54, was eating cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack . the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack, which appears to show a jaw, nose and eye .


Dame Barbara Hakin , 57 , facing threat of a new inquiry over patient safety . Calls for inquiry into claims she risked lives in a drive to meet set targets . Accused of gagging whistleblower Gary Walker who tried to warn of risks . General Medical Council said no case to answer but reviewing its decision .


The Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for £ 200,000 . But an anonymous car collector bought it for £ 739,212 in Surrey yesterday . When the vintage car is restored , it could be worth more than £ 1million . Described as ` one of the rarest cars of its time ' as only 218 cars were made .


Tristan da Cunha , a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean , is home to just under 270 people . The island is only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town , Edinburgh . With limited transport and communication links , the islanders are keen to see how they can reduce their reliance on fossil fuels .


Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042 secs . The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season . Hamilton will start from the front of the pack as he bids to win in China .


Burnell Mitchell held over conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences . The 61-year-old Muslim convert is brother of Boney M singer Liz Mitchell . He was arrested by police investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani . Leslie Cooper , 36 , has been charged with the Syrian-national 's murder . A 53-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .


werder bremen beat hamburg sv 1-0 in the northern derby on saturday . franco di santo scored the winner with an 84th-minute penalty . hamburg coach bruno labbadia made a losing return to the bench .


Female cyclist killed in rush-hour accident close to Lambeth Bridge . Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' under lorry . Today 's incident was fifth death of a cyclist in capital this year-all involving lorries . Cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road . Westminster City Council said : ` We are shocked and saddened by


Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command . Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . Comments came on the anniversary of Yuri Gagarin 's first spaceflight .


Gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala . According to the United Nations , two women are killed in Guatemala every day . Five abuse survivors known as La Poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories .


Baby named ` China 's miracle baby ' was born as his parents died in crash . Zhao Pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband , the boy 's father , were hit by truck as they travelled to hospital - but baby survived . Pingan suffered nerve damage and mild brain injury but was otherwise fine . He has now celebrated his first birthday surrounded by family and doctors .


harry kane has been nominated for the pfa player of the year award . eden hazard is the red hot favourite to scoop the accolade . mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to pip hazard to the award .


Yaya Toure has hinted he is open to leaving Manchester City . The Ivory Coast international 's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to City about the way forward . Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season . Toure earns more than # 1m a month at City .


Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at the Etihad Stadium . The World Cup winning Frenchman finished his playing career at Manchester City . Vieira is intelligent , well-balanced and has a burning desire to win . He will feel slightly uncomfortable being linked to the top job .


Chimpanzees at NY university to be covered by habeas corpus writ . Petition by animal rights group claims chimps are ` unlawfully detained ' University rep have been ordered to attend court to respond to petition . Ruling by judge effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans . UPDATE : Since the publication of this story , the court order has been amended . The order is no longer a ` writ of habeas corpus ' , which has been struck out .


Tennis star Andy Murray and fiance Kim Sears tied the knot on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral . Andy , and his mum and dad , have arrived at the cathedral , bypassing hundreds of well-wishers on their way in . Kim Sears arrived at the cathedral not long after her fiance . Andy posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers showing his plans .


CCTV images reveal how the six-strong gang worked through the night . Professional gang seen using wheelie bins to carry their ill-gotten gains . Footage revealed as Scotland Yard admits it did not respond to the alarm . Police force could now be forced to pay out millions in compensation .


Anamarie Shreeves , 26 , lives what some may consider an atypical lifestyle . She creates almost no waste . The small amount of waste she does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar . She composts , makes her own shampoo and toothpaste .


Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, is tackling the misuse of the word 'retarded' and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult. The filmmaker has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter, who has Down syndrome.


Providenciales consistently ranks as one of the best beach destinations on the planet . Greece is home to three of the top four islands in Europe , including Santorini at No 1 . Jersey ranked sixth in Europe , its best ever position in TripAdvisor 's annual rankings .


Until now doctors have assumed that young babies are not developed enough to feel pain. It means that newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. But the new findings suggest that not only do babies feel pain, but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults.


Australian tourists are planning to holiday abroad between May and August . Most of the holiday destinations are in Europe , number one being Greece . Seven out of the top ten destinations for Aussie are in Europe . Others include Toronto in Canada , Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam and Colombo in Sri Lanka .


The Greek island was the ` sex tourism capital of the ancient Aegean ' Former Apprentice TV star Margaret Mountford will describe life on the island in a new television programme . Show also examines life and legacy of the female poet Sappho , who lived on the island around 600BC .


Kathleen Bailey , 70 , was given power of attorney over dying friend 's finances . She later became a carer for her dying friend , who was battling breast cancer . But she helped herself to at least # 1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales . Bailey , from Ramsbottom , Greater Manchester , was handed suspended jail sentence . Court heard she `


brianne altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students at davis high school in utah . she accepted a plea deal wednesday in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies . altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month . one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with altice .


Kenyan government has frozen 86 accounts - but it could go up. It has a list of suspects from various parts of the country. The government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011.


John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting . This was revealed during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan . Hinckley currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth 's Hospital in Washington and his mother 's home in Williamsburg , Virginia .


president obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake used the term "thugs" to describe rioters . baltimore city councilman carl stokes: "of course it's not the right word, to call our children thugs" the rev. jamal bryant: "these are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children"


Malala Yousafzai releases an `` open letter '' to the Nigerian schoolgirls . `` Like you , I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school , '' she writes . On April 14 , 2014 , Islamists with Boko Haram kidnapped the girls .


Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. She has called for the hospital to be shut down.


Fair Trade photographs aim to focus on the people in sweatshops . Reveals tragic tales of staff in Bangladesh , Cambodia and Sierra Leone . Highlights daily life for children working in appalling conditions . Campaigners hoping to make buyers think about origin of garments .


An April Fools Day prank involving fireworks resulted in an apartment fire near the Grand Valley State University in Michigan . A girl allegedly threw a lit firework at a roommate , which landed in a laundry hamper , and set the contents on fire . No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges .


The freezer trawler , called the Dalny Vostock , sank at 4am on Thursday . It was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in the Sea of Okhotsk . The ship tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in , a Sakhalin official said . At least 54 bodies have been recovered in the massive rescue operation . Temperatures in the water can dip to as low as-2


christian benteke's hat-trick earned a 3-3 draw for aston villa . matt phillips had earlier given qpr the lead in the first half . but qpr couldn't take all three points and had to settle for a point . tony fernandes watched the game on his iphone from afar .


tulsa world newspaper: supervisors told to forge reserve deputy's training records . robert bates, 73, killed eric harris during a sting operation on april 2 . bates claims he meant to use his taser but accidentally fired his handgun at harris .


Kaitlyn Granado , 24 , first arrested March 19 for relationship with boy , 15 . Admitting kissing and letting him touch her and was released on bail . Officers quizzed another 15-year-old on March 24 over second relationship . Granado arrested again amid claims she had sex with second boy in car .


Five men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in Melbourne . ASIO warned families of the men they were targeted by ISIS recruiter . Sevdet Besim charged with committing acts to prepare for terrorist acts . Police allege the men planned to target an Anzac Day ceremony . It is thought police and public would be attacked with swords and knives . Another 18-year-old man was also arrested and remains in custody . Three men had been released by police late on Saturday night . More than 200 officers raided seven properties in Melbourne on Saturday .


Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season . The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season . Parma are rooted to the bottom of Serie A.


martin springall, 38, photographed his daughter in zushi, japan, in july 2014 . he said he wanted to send a picture to his wife 'who was at work' but he noticed a pair of black boots behind the little girl . mr springall said he had 'no idea' what the object could be .


Experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable and can damage one 's relationship with food . Australian dietician and nutritionist Susie Burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain . But she says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely . The Daily Mail on Tuesday revealed that people are cutting out whole


Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on points at the UIC Pavilion . It saw Jack narrowly claim the WBC super-middleweight title . George Groves is the mandatory challenger for the title .


Lewis Hamilton over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg . Sebastian Vettel was a further second adrift of the Mercedes pair . Jenson Button was 13th and Fernando Alonso 17th for McLaren .


Ben Sunderman , 19 , of McKinney , Texas learned he got the job on April 10 . In three-minute video , he reads the letter from Embassy Suites to family . At the end , he freezes with shock realizing he is one of 12 to get internship . He shouts ` I get it . I get the job ! ' before leaping into his father 's arms .


FAA backtracks on saying crew reported a pressurization problem . One passenger lost consciousness . The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes .


Derby 's Tom Ince scored two long-range goals at Huddersfield in a 4-4 draw . Play-off chasers Derby were 1-0 up , 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in the game . The amazing contest also saw Huddersfield have three goals disallowed .


Michael Bennett labelled the tight end ` soft ' and ` overrated ' after Seattle 's playoff win over the Saints two years ago . ` Just because he 's on my team I do n't stop feeling that way , ' Bennett said . ` I ca n't do the things I was doing to him when we were playing him , ' he said . The defensive end


` Extremely rich ' German woman 's taxi was stuck in traffic as thieves struck . They smashed rear window of vehicle before running away with handbag . The victim says one of the stolen rings was worth close to £ 1million alone . Claimed she was on her way to loan some of the items to museum in Paris .


Brady, who pushed for stricter gun control, died Friday. She was also involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years. She was the chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.


GP circulated a letter claiming ` flat-line funding ' had ` crippled ' NHS . Version of letter appeared in the Guardian signed by more than 100 doctors . Claimed the ` direction of travel ' under the Tories was towards privatisation . Labour were accused of orchestrating the letter as a ` stitch up '


Miranda has been linked with a summer move to Manchester United . However the Brazilian centre back is keen on staying at Atletico Madrid . Miranda has said he is ` proud ' to be on Louis van Gaal 's radar .


tim sherwood is confident aston villa can secure their premier league survival . villa are four points above the relegation zone with five games left . sherwood could have gabriel agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury .


The three centres are planned for Cardiff , London and Northumberland . They will offer proton beam therapy to private and NHS cancer patients . Hoped the first centre in Cardiff will be up and running by next year . Ashya King , five , made a ` miracle recovery ' after receiving the therapy to treat a brain tumour .


Former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs -- earning £ 500,000 in just three years . But despite his ample fortune , Bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £ 15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey , North London .


Las Vegas ' nickname of Sin City relates to a building prostitutes used . London known as The Old Smoke owing to the 1952 Great Smog . Singapore literally translates as Lion City after founder said he saw a ` merlion ' - a cross between a mermaid and lion .


hakaoro hakaoro has been found guilty of six new complaints . the 55-year-old was jailed in january 2014 for working without a licence . hakaoro's licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of similar complaints .


Carwyn Scott-Howell , 7 , died on a family holiday in Flaine in French Alps . He had skied into dense woodland before sliding towards a 164 foot cliff . Carwyn went ahead alone when sister fell and his mother stopped to help . Thought he may have entered woodland as thought it was shortcut to hotel . Family described him as a ` very daring , outgoing , determined little boy '


the video was taken from a patrol car dashcam in cottonwood, arizona . it captures the 'end of days' band brawling with police moments before a gunfight . enoch gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . ten-year cottonwood police veteran sgt jeremy daniels was also shot and hospitalized, but has since been released .


karen buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to death certificate . her parents marion, 62, and john, 61, have spoken of heartbreak at loss . alexander pacteau, 21, appeared at glasgow sheriff court today . he made no plea and was remanded in custody charged with murder .


Kenneth Stancil made his first appearance in a North Carolina court on Thursday after he was transferred from a Florida jail . In an expletive-filled rant , he told the judge he knew he was going to get life in prison but shot dead his boss for wanting to molest his brother . His victim , Ron Lane , and brother had never met and there were no complaints against Lane when he was shot dead on Monday . Stancil has admitted that he partly shot Lane - who had been his work supervisor before he was fired last month - for being gay .


Tiger Woods gave former NBA star Yao Ming a few tips on his swing . The 7ft 6in Chinese athlete retired from Houston Rockets in 2011 . 14-time major winner Woods will return to competition at TPC Sawgrass .


Crying Syrian girl was photographed in Jordanian refugee camp in November . She threw her hands up in the air and began crying when she saw his camera . Cameraman broke into tears when he reviewed the heart-breaking image later . Follows iconic image of another girl who surrendered to cameraman in Syria . Thousands of children have fled embattled country to seek refuge in Jordan . Conflict charity claims their experiences cause terror-inducing flashbacks .


Louis van Gaal has backed Ryan Giggs to be next Manchester United boss . Giggs has been the Dutchman 's assistant since he arrived at Old Trafford . Former Welsh winger also spent period as caretaker manager last season .


Murdered student Karen Buckley vanished after night out in Glasgow . She died of head and neck injuries , according to her death certificate . Her parents hope Miss Buckley 's body will soon be released for burial . Alexander Pacteau , 21 , appeared in court and was remanded in custody .


Mum says her son was banned from Qantas flight due to his autism . Gizelle Laurente claims her son , Jacob Prien , was discriminated against . Jacob was booked to fly from Darwin to Brisbane on Thursday . Qantas says he was n't able to fly unaccompanied without medical approval . He was given the all-clear and flew to Brisbane on Friday .


albino bottlenose dolphin is on display at the taiji whale museum in southern japan . it is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium . phenomenon results from the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state .


Duke officials are attempting to work out who hung the noose on the tree . Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday . The shocking incident comes just two weeks after another race attack . Officials said anyone found responsible will be held accountable .


Arsenal are currently on an eight-match winning streak in the league . Arsene Wenger admits even he could not have predicted the run . Wenger says results in the Premier League are very hard to predict . Arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions . READ : Arsenal have doubts over signing Liverpool star Raheem Sterling .


Police seized Rafi , 10 , and Dvora , 6 , in a Maryland park on Sunday and their parents say they were n't reunited by CPS for hours . Scientists Danielle and Alexander Meitiv believe in ` free range parenting ' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy . The Meitivs were found guilty of neglect in March . After Sunday 's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .


Deion Sanders calls out his son on Twitter . Deion Sanders Jr. is a wide receiver at Southern Methodist University . The elder Sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line . Sanders ' son retweeted his father 's comments .


Study : `` The match between the ` Double Falsehood ' play and Shakespeare was a landslide . It was shockingly clear '' `` We ` re certainly not suggesting that Theobald did n't make edits , '' says Ryan L . Boyd , a researcher at the University of Texas at Austin . Boyd says he and colleague James W . Pennebaker analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare , nine


Manny Pacquiao takes his turn at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles . The Filipino icon will be put through his paces under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach . Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout . But Pacqiao has promised to be on time .


Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 to book their place in the Challenge Cup final . The Cherry and Whites will face Edinburgh at Twickenham Stoop on May 1 . Jonny May was overlooked for the last three rounds of the RBS 6 Nations .


Gaioz Nigalidze has been expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament . Georgian champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match . Opponent grew suspicious when he kept making trips to the toilet . Tournament organisers then saw he had wrapped a phone in toilet paper . Found his match was being monitored in a chess application on the phone .


Aston Villa take on Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday . The match is Tim Sherwood 's first game back at Spurs after being sacked . Sherwood is thankful for the opportunity he was given by Daniel Levy . Villa boss claims Levy wanted him to stay at Spurs last season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .


Darren Bent currently on loan at Derby County from Aston Villa . Former England striker was frozen out at Villa under Paul Lambert . Bent now says he could be back next season having had ` discussions ' Bent worked with manager Tim Sherwood at Tottenham .


Sandra Bullock was forced to make a desperate call to the police after Joshua Corbett broke into her house last summer. Corbett, 50, allegedly broke into the house brandishing a love letter for the actress. In the clip Sandra can be heard saying that she had seen him making his way up to her attic.


Shaker Aamer is expected to be released in June, US government sources have revealed. The 48-year-old is likely to be released after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial. He is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release.


Michael Keaton hosted `` Saturday Night Live '' this weekend . He paid homage to his roles in `` Beetlejuice '' and `` Batman '' Fans were hoping for a full-blown revival of Keaton 's characters .


Headmaster Peter Tait claimed parents should trust their child 's educators . Excessive interference could harm their children 's development , he said . He made the comments for article in preparatory school magazine Attain .


Wealthy Africans are investing in some of London 's most upscale real estate . Some Nigerians are spending as much as $ 37 million on houses . Property experts say African investment in London is set to grow .


Cheltenham Town are battling to stay in League Two with two games left . Manager Gary Johnson became manager of the club at the end of March . He got the team to sign a piece of paper promising to give their all .


Luis Enrique insists his side will be focusing their attention on Valencia . Barcelona impressed in midweek as they beat PSG 3-1 at Parc des Princes . The Catalan giants are currently two points ahead of Real Madrid .


oklahoma gov. mary fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas . nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen . cnn affiliate kfor says it's never been used in an execution in the united states .


justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois . officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder . the high school senior had moved to the area from wisconsin in february .


Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life . Spears chronicled her son Garnett 's illnesses on a personal blog called ` Garnett 's Journey ' and other social media . Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's . feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt .


In a new poll , Diana was the favourite name for the second royal baby . Alice and Charlotte were the second favourite names if it 's a girl . If it 's a boy , then the favourite name is James , followed by Alexander .


Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . There are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties . Police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses .


Pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of Iraq territory from ISIS . Counterinsurgency specialist Afzal Ashraf on what new data tells us about fight . Ashraf : Where it counts -LRB- ISIS is -RRB- not standing and fighting .


Former Great Britain boxer Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio next year. The 32-year-old is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.


Didier Drogba featured in Chelsea 's 2-1 victory over Stoke on Saturday . The forward replaced Diego Costa who went off with a hamstring injury . Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table . READ : Chelsea must remain focused to keep up title tilt , insists Willian . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .


Police said they received a phone call from someone saying they had stabbed their roommate at the university. Manchester University had issued a statement advising students at its North Manchester campus to shelter in place. The university has about 1,500 students.


Sprinter says he is ` eating a lot more vegetables ' but ` hates them all ' His chef ` chases ' him around the house to ensure he eats what he 's cooked . Bolt admits he must eat right food as he has to be ` perfect in training ' Admitted to consuming 1,000 McNuggets at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .


The faces of 30 legendary bands are blended into one. The face of rock: The faces of 30 legendary bands are blended into one. The faces of The Beatles look like a blurry picture of a young Paul McCartney.


Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names . WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate . Isis is also used to describe the Islamic State militant group . The group stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians . The Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico 's request to retire the name Odile .


The clip , which was created by The Daily Share , compares near-identical products for men and women and highlights the price differences . According to the creators of the video , California is one of the few states to have put a ban on ` gender pricing discrimination '


The fox is pictured vying for a large deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan . When a pair of crows turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle . The fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of Steller sea eagles .


Vijay Chokal-Ingam , 38 , has admitted his sister has told him she is ` ashamed ' of him . The comedienne has said she has been estranged from him ` for years ' He said on his blog that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into St . Louis University School of Medicine in 1998 by changing his appearance . He also heavily attacks affirmative


dawn milosky, 45, of beachwood, new jersey, is charged with driving while intoxicated . she was pinned inside a smoldering convertible when police pulled up .


The casket is draped with an American flag, and Walter Scott is dressed in a dark suit. A white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite NFL team. Police continue to investigate the incident in which Scott ran from his car after a traffic stop and was shot while fleeing from Slager.


Juventus reach final without Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo . The Old Lady raced into 3-0 lead thanks to goals by Alessandro Matri , Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci . Alvaro Morata was sent off for innocuous tackle on Alessandro Diamanti . Juventus will face either Napoli or Lazio in Coppa Italia final .


Victoria Ayling made the comments after being confronted by her local party. Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd launched an investigation. Mrs Ayling denies that is the case.


Philip Gigante was elected into the position by residents of Airmont . His grandfather was Vinny ` The Chin ' Gigante , head of the Genovese gang . The mobster walked around in a bathrobe and slippers to look insane . That way he felt like he would avoid prosecution , and did in 1990 . He was jailed in 1997 for federal racketeering and died in prison aged 77 . Philip hopes his ` achievements ' will be what his constituents .


Bitglass created 1,568 fake details and released them on the Dark Web . Data landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks . Overall , data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times . Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia .


Lewis Hamilton held off the challenge from Nico Rosberg to win in China . But Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate after the Grand Prix . German accused Hamilton of compromising his race by driving too slowly . But Hamilton , who leads the championship , has denied any wrong-doing . Hamilton is already 17 points clear of Rosberg in race for the F1 title .


eight years since an english club won the champions cup . bookies aren't convinced the cycle can be broken this year . there are four english sides in the last eight of the new champions cup . holders toulon are destined to finish on top for the third successive year . clermont are their primary challengers followed by racing and leinster .


residents of celeon, new york, were disturbed when the statue of lucille ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a hate campaign . the statue sparked a facebook page called we love lucy! get rid of this statue, which attracted 600 likes . now even the sculptor of the i love lucy statue has called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' and pledged to make a new one for free .


Food blogger Van De Ven wanted to poke fun at tourist cliche pictures . One of his finger missing the Eiffel Tower went viral on 4chan . Over 100 uploads have photoshopped him touching the 301m tower tip . Users created multiple memes of him in many various hilarious scenarios .


Serena Williams progresses to semi-finals after beating Sabine Lisicki . Williams beats German in three sets at Miami Open - 7-6 , 1-6 , 6-3 . World No 1 presented with cake after 700th career victory . Andy Murray was similarly given reward after 500th career win .


Champions League semi-finals : Juventus vs Real Madrid , Barcelona vs Bayern Munich . Europa League semi-finals : Sevilla vs Fiorentina , Napoli vs Dnipro . Porto and Benfica meet in a top of the table clash in Portugal .


Michael Phelps is hoping to compete a the 2016 Olympics in Rio . Phelps will has served a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last year . 29-year-old will be competing in Mesa for the first time since the Pan Pacific Championships last August .


Police confirmed the men are all aged in their 50s and from the York area . Comes after another man , in his 50s and from York , arrested last month . The men were released earlier today after being questioned over the case . Body of missing chef , 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has n't been found .


Xie Shisheng was just 16 when he was imprisoned in a Chinese cotton mill . He 's been rescued after 18 years and says he was beaten daily and tortured . Xie 's captors fled the scene when police arrived at the mill on Wednesday .


Ander Herrera impresses with two goals for Manchester United in victory . Wayne Rooney also finds the back of the net against Aston Villa in 3-1 win . Brad Guzan the best performer for Tim Sherwood 's side at Old Trafford .


`` The police had no reasonable suspicion to stop or arrest Freddie Gray , '' an attorney for the Gray family says . `` The choice of words is not only ironic , it 's sad , '' the attorney for one of the suspects says . `` We are very concerned about the rhetoric of the protests , '' a Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 says .


sydney's dan churchill appeared on good morning america on tuesday . he was there to promote his cook book 'dude food' with blake lively . the 25-year-old flirted with the hollywood star over food and ryan reynolds . he also got a photo with lively and even threw a 'bro burger' at her .


cnn confirms that michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming "wonder woman" movie . maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november .


Anthony Bethell , 74 , and St John 's College , Oxford , locked in battle over scrubby bushes . Dispute began when he decided he would pay for work to restore 180-yard hedge . The hedge , which dates back to 1686 , divides Mr Bethell 's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres . Crown court judge said the bushes are quickly becoming ` the most expensive hedge in Warwickshire


Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday . The lawsuit had been expected . Attorneys for Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , and his father , Michael Brown Sr. , announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death suit would be launched .


Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast, caught the tiger shark at the weekend. The 19-year-old spent three hours trying to reel the beast in. He said the battle left him with some serious battle wounds.


Ford Vox : Florida law keeps doctors from talking gun safety with patients ; Arizona law forces doctors to promote disputed abortion claim . He says doctor organizations are failing to defend medical profession against politically motivated interference by clueless lawmakers .


Police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 rave in Sydney 's East . They were called to abandoned industrial area in Botany on Saturday night . Police were forced to use capsicum spray on the group after back up came . One officer had glass removed from his head after the crowd threw bottles . A woman was arrested and is being questioned after assaulting an officer .


Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course . The student was left with two black eyes and a bruised neck during an incident in February . Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds . Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid # 200 in compensation and wrote a letter


The pets wear tulle wedding dresses and tuxedos with bow ties . Couples are given marriage certificates after ` exchanging vows ' Wedding is organised to promote a social media app designed for pets . No expense spared as pooches arrived in BMWs and a stretch Hummer .


the 19-year-old is face of batiste's 2015 'ready for it' campaign . this will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the uk's number 1 dry shampoo brand .


Police said a 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit . The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck , her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy Fradeneck . The man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released , a police spokesman has said . Officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police . Police went inside and found the woman and children dead . The children 's birthdays were less than two weeks away .


Jan Hansen made the egg using 352 lbs -LRB- 160 kg -RRB- of chocolate over three days . The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . Mr Hansen hopes to raise £ 1,000 for St Barnabas Hospice .


Luke Shaw says Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the Manchester United dressing room . He says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea . Shaw says David de Gea is the nicest guy in football .


Andy Murray beat Novak Djokovic in straights sets to win at SW19 in 2013 . Jose Mourinho said he could feel the emotion of what it meant to Murray . Mourinho also hails Wimbledon as ` more than a Grand Slam ' READ : Mourinho critics do n't have a leg to stand on as he gets job done .


Phil Smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat . But teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window . He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot . Parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .


Jason Dufner and Amanda married in 2012 . Divorce settlement states there had been an ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage ' Amanda will receive $ 2.5 m as part of the settlement while Jason will keep two houses .


Simon Brann Thorpe 's project makes real-life soldiers resemble toy soldiers . He shot the images in Western Sahara , a disputed region of northwestern Africa .


The University of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot 's College to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university . The program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , Sydney Learning , and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses . Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called the shortcut ` unfair ' Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC .


The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station . They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . As a train pulls up , both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage .


Researchers ran a 10-Hertz current through brains of 20 volunteers . They wanted to stimulate alpha wave oscillations linked to creativity . These oscillations are thought to be impaired in people with depression . Team are now hoping to use the technique to treat depressed people .


Intelligence agencies like the CIA , NSA , and National Counterterrorism Center employ therapists to help analysts deal with emotional trauma . Analysts watch graphic content to gain clues about actions of terrorists . At times terrorists will embed encrypted messages in photos and videos . Clips include violent beheadings and attacks but they are ` mostly ' porn . Analysts often suffer feelings of sickness , grief , anger and depression .


Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms after her friend died of cancer . Since 2006 , the nonprofit has provided practical , financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .


Dr Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements. He is confident he can live to 150 years old.


a new infographic from made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room . sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber . you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets an hour before you hit the sack .


spotify has analysed 2.8 million playlists labelled 'sleep' thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to . brit award winner features an additional six times on the list .


Hannah Campbell , 30 , had miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb . But since birth she has battled with a mystery illness - nearly dying twice . As she tried to recover her relationship with long-term partner broke down . Anthony McMorrow , 32 , agreed new baby Lexi-River will be their priority . She will have tests next month to explore what is causing rare condition . Miss Campbell 's pregnancy appears in My Extraordinary Pregnancy , starting on Monday on TLC .


Ukip leader admits he has a ` preference ' for Australian immigrants over Eastern Europeans and Somalians . He said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English and understood Britain 's legal system . Comes after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back .


In 1915 , 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks in what historians have described as the first genocide of the 20th century . Obama refused to call the mass killings a ` genocide ' in official statement despite promising as a presidential candidate that he would . Turkish officials furiously deny there was a genocide , and Obama has shied away from offending the close U.S. ally . Kim Kardashian - who is Armenian on her father 's side - has called the killings a genocide and says Obama should too . Kasdashian recently traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West , sister Khole and cousins Kara and Kourtni .


Students ` union at Goldsmiths University banned men and white people from event . Organiser told white people and men ` not to come ' as it was only open to BME -LSB- black and minority ethnic -RSB- women . Bahar Mustafa , 27 , said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses . She said : ` Invite loads of BME Women and non-binary people ! ! Also


James Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in the 2012 theater shooting . His trial begins Monday , and Homes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder .


The original migrants to Europe from Africa arrived 40,000 years ago . Up until 8,000 years ago , early hunter-gatherers largely had darker skin . When Near East farmers arrived , they carried with them light skin genes . Genomes of 83 people found 5 genes linked with diet and skin changes .


jacob fairbank fractured his ankle while on loan at halifax . the huddersfield forward faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines . the 25-year-old was injured in halifax's victory over hunslet .


joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after allegedly breaking into sandra bullock's home last summer . corbett broke into the house brandishing a love letter for the actress . corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .


Keith Curle is one of only four England players to currently manage . Former Manchester City player has managed clubs including Mansfield , Chester , Torquay and Notts County before ending up at Carlisle . Curle turned his back on a career in punditry to remain on the sidelines . ` I have done a bit for Sky and I really enjoyed it but first and foremost I am a coach and manager , ' he said .


ISIS raided Yarmouk refugee camp near Damascus on April 1 . 18,000 Palestinian refugees remain in the camp , cut off from vital aid . One defiant elderly resident told CNN : `` I will not leave the Yarmouk camp even if I am 75 or 76 years old ''


Mother-of-two died following a 10-year battle with a brain tumour . She worked at BBC in Cardiff where husband claims she was bullied . Marie Csaszar gave evidence at BBC 's 2013 Respect At Work review . He asked for emails under the Data Protection Act but was refused .


Food supplier TH Clements & Son says the worker was sacked after failing to follow company procedures. The worker was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire. Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach supermarket shelves.


amanda holden, 44, talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences . the britain's got talent judge had a near-death experience with hollie . she also suffered a miscarriage in 2011 and nearly died after having another . the mother-of-two is a cover star for the june issue of good housekeeping .


Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for Jorge ` El Topo ' Lopez . Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July . Bayern Munich manager was sporting the top during his pre-match press conference . The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopez 's death . UEFA say the Spanish manager has been disciplined because of an ` incident of


Goalie Matt O'Connor knocked the puck into his own goal in third period . Mistake blew Boston University 's 3-2 lead on Providence in NCAA game . After Terrier let in tying goal , Friars got winning goal from Brandon Tanev . Providence won the national championship 4-3 , the school 's first title .


despite battling an array of health complications two-year-old nathaly hernandez won't let things get her down, as a heartwarming new video shows . the smiley toddler was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to miley cyrus' wrecking ball . nathaly was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement .


French health chiefs say binge-drinking is ` Anglo-Saxon phenomenon ' Half aged 18-25 in France admitted drinking with aim of ` getting drunk ' Number of young females admitting binging has tripled in last decade . Minister wants to introduce fines or prison for inciting underage drinking .


West Indies bowler Jason Holder used to be a Barbados team-mate with Chris Jordan . Shiv Chanderpaul 's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days . Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey 's match against Oxford MCCU .


a dozen native american extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of adam sandler's new movie the ridiculous 6 on wednesday . the extras were offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture . the ridiculous 6, a spoof of the magnificent seven, is filming in new mexico and stars sandler, taylor lautner, nick nolte and steve buscemi .


The advert features a model in a bikini asking: 'Are you beach body ready?'. It has been put up in a number of London Underground stations. The petition now has more than 45,000 signatures, and critics have started a hashtag.


Andros Townsend has praised Tottenham Hotspur team-mate Harry Kane . Townsend on England 's new striker : ` I have always said to people that he is the best finisher I have ever played with ' England drew 1-1 in Italy on Tuesday night as Townsend and Kane starred .


Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh beat Super League side Salford . Centurions twice come from behind to beat Red Devils in Challenge Cup .


David Cameron said English MPs must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in Scotland. English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland. The plan will involve reforming Parliament's committee stage, where MPs discuss legislation in detail.


Her husband admits the pair had been arguing minutes before the accident . She came to the driver 's door while her husband drove away and she fell . Police say they believe the husband 's story and have not charged him . Doctors were able to deliver her 36-week-old baby in Houston , Texas . The pregnant woman , who has not been named , died later in hospital .


Police in London are trying to catch the gang which staged a multi-million heist during the Easter vacation . Former police commander : Such crimes require meticulous planning and use of information by criminals . The masterminds behind such complicated crimes carefully assemble their gangs with men they can trust .


The parents of the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings are making an emotional, passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward.


Erik Compton has had two heart transplants , the last in 2008 . Compton , now on his third heart , is ready to make his Augusta debut . The 35-year-old is also a campaigner for charity Donate Life . His first Masters appearance coincides with Donate Life Month .


Series of mysterious signs have appeared in the affluent village of Milford . One read : ` I love you do much please forgive what I said please ' Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the ` best day of my life ' Signs have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author . Do you know who wrote the signs or


Jessica Ennis-Hill will return to hurdling at the Great City Games in Manchester in mid-May . The 29-year-old will then compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of May . ` I want to be successful next year . At the Olympics I want to medal , ' she said .


Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists . Ed Sheeran 's single Thinking Out Loud is the top sleep-inducing song . The Brit singer-songwriter appears seven times on the Top 20 list .


Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool . Abril was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool . It was set to be the Cuban 's second defence of his WBA lightweight belt . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .


Joe Root scored 182 * but criticises lifeless pitch in Grenada . England struggled to take wickets on fourth day , as draw looks likely . Root admits England ` need a very good first hour ' to force a result .


Jurgen Klopp has conceded that Bayern Munich were the better team in their 1-0 victory over his Borussia Dortmund side on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat in the Bundesliga clash, as the hosts struggled to create chances at the Westfalenstadion. Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp says Bayern deserved to claim the three points.


Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Chris Smalling will not feature after a hamstring injury for United. Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and Jonny Evans is banned.


Khalid Rashad , 61 , charged by police investigating death of Syrian iman . Preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani found shot dead in his car in Wembley in April . Leslie Cooper , 36 , has already appeared in court accused of murder .


Prince Harry is to begin a monthlong military attachment in Australia . He 'll be leaving the British armed forces in June .


Ashley Pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on Kik on April 3 . She went through her Kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as Emoney Bon , 18 . When she spoke with him , it emerged he was a man , Edward Primo Bonilla , who has been


Family stay remarkably calm as birds fly around the room . Video maker says ` this is awful ' as they bounce off the walls . He then contemplates how he is going to get rid of them . The bizarre footage was recorded at the family home in Texas .


Georgina Chapman, 38, is furious and humiliated by the allegations. She believes her husband will 'embarrass their children' and 'interrupt her business' Weinstein has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office.


20-time champion AP McCoy 's penultimate race will be with Mr Mole . His last mount is Box Office in the 20-runner Handicap Hurdle . McCoy 's closes the curtain on a glittering career at Sandown on Saturday .


Airline passengers left behind almost $ 675,000 in spare change in 2013 . TSA can keep the money to spend on improving civil aviation security . The figure is $ 107,00 more than 2012 and double that collected in 2008 .


mohammad liaqat, 34, stormed into mount carmel high school in lancashire . he objected to strict uniform policy which said pupils could not have beards . liaqat hurled insults at white teachers and assaulted the headmaster . he was remanded in custody at burnley crown court and will be sentenced in june .


Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players . Van Gaal said too many players at United are n't very bright . Juan Mata is a cultured , classy individual on and off the pitch . Marouane Fellaini is a good footballer , but he 's had several seasons of being turned into a target man by David Moyes , he


Emad Sahabi suffered the terrible injury while playing for Al Orubah . They had been playing Al Shoalah in the Saudi Arabia Premier League . Sahabi tumbled over before his ankle was left hanging off his leg .


Britain to go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. Met Office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.


Ex-Liverpool boss told he would need to see a dietician before appointment . Benitez was often mocked as a ` fat Spanish waiter ' during his Anfield reign . Ferrero addresses talk of job swap with Sinisa Mihajlovic heading to Napoli . Mihajlovic has guided Sampdoria to the brink of European qualification .


Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne , Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity . It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa 's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years . The footage includes loops of ` coronal rain ' showering the surface of the sun . Transits of the moon , Venus and Earth are also seen - and a comet breezes through the outer solar atmosphere .


Julian Zelizer : In early weeks of the 2016 campaign , candidates and potential contenders have stumbled in small ways . He says Chris Christie 's words about Social Security and marijuana may haunt him .


Queens Park Rangers are up to the Premier League with three wins from last five games. Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay up with three wins from last five games. The QPR boss also believes his side will improve their defensive concentration.


The type of plane used for a jaw-dropping stunt in `` Furious 7 '' is 60 years old . Lockheed 's C-130 Hercules is the longest continuously produced military plane in history . C-130 factory in Georgia celebrates the flight of the first C-130 production model .


SNP leader said Alex Salmond did not field questions over his family . Said she was not ` moaning ' but also attacked criticism of women 's looks . She made the remarks in latest programme profiling the main party leaders . Ms Sturgeon also revealed her TV habits and recent image makeover . She said she relaxed by eating steak and chips on a Saturday night .


Temperatures in the South is forecast to reach 24C -LRB- 75F -RRB- today and 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21.9 C -LRB- 71.4 F -RRB- recorded in London on Friday . The delightful weather , caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores , is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August . The record


New study by Edge Hill University found link between anxiety and grades . 705 pupils from 11 schools questioned in British Journal of Educational Psychology . Principal at Burlington Danes Academy Michael Ribton offers advice to parents . Says parents should draw up revision timetable and reward children with time off .


Josh and Vanessa Ellis , a couple in their 20s , were youth pastors in a suburban Seattle church . They and their 8-month-old son , Hudson , are killed when a highway barrier falls on their car . `` We are stunned ! Shocked ! '' the church 's lead pastor writes on Facebook .


Sensing a legislative defeat White House said the president would be willing to sign the bill if senators axed key portions of their Iran bill . Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature giving Congress authority over a deal . It now goes to the full Senate , where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority - making the president powerless to reject it .


Dr Barbara Kubicka has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line . The Nefertiti lift is aptly named after the Egyptian queen famous for her very defined jaw line . She says that ` while the whole world expects it 's wrinkles that age you , it 'll actually your face that 's making you look


Siobhan-Marie O ` Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley at the British Championships . The 19-year-old 's time of two minutes 09 : 51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year . Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2 : 11 : 65 . Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2 : 13 : 30 . She was short of her 2


Hit head on chair when he fell at previous bail hearing in Los Angeles . Knight , a diabetic with blood clot , said he had n't received any medication . Lawyer said chains and wheelchair were a ` ploy ' to ` humiliate ' his client . Cle ` Bone ' Sloan was hurt and Terry Carter died in the alleged hit-and-run . Knight , 49 , charged with murder and attempted murder for January incident .


Twitter user Saskia , 17 , posted ` Arsenal exam ' result on social media . She scored 87 per cent and her boyfriend said he would n't dump her . Questions covered club history , current players and club loyalty .


George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb , Georgia , a student at Middle Tennessee State University , was taken in Tuesday night . Police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a 19-year-old woman in Panama City , Florida . Delonte Martistee , 22 , and Ryan Calhoun , 23 , of Mobile , Alabama , were charged with sexual battery for the March attack . The


Manchester United are monitoring Edinson Cavani 's situation at PSG . Uruguayan striker is said to be unhappy about playing out wide in Paris . Agent Claudio Anelucci admits a move to England is a possibility . Robin van Persie could leave Man United - making room for Cavani . READ : Man Utd consider Cavani as Inter Milan eye Robin van Persie . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes lost a leg each in the April 15 , 2013 , blast . They say Dzhokar Tsarnaev ` deserves the ultimate punishment ' But they urge others to ` overcome the impulse for vengeance ' Follows similar appeal made by family of bombing victim Martin Richard . The eight-year-old died in the blast and his sister , Jane , lost a limb . A jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison .


Nicholas Tooth , 25 , was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday . He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . Mr Tooth was airlifted to Newcastle 's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday . Tributes have poured in for the young man , who has been remembered as a ` great bloke ' by friends .


Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid draw 0-0 at Vicente Calderon . Jan Oblak was excellent in goal for Atletico to keep Real at bay . Gareth Bale had a huge chance to score an away goal for Real . Raphael Varane was Real Madrid 's best player in defence . Karim Benzema 's struggles against Atletico Madrid continued .


cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 on sunday . ronaldo's five-goal haul included an eight-minute hat-trick . karim benzema netted a brace and gareth bale also got on the scoresheet .


Actor Kit Harington made the comments on Late Night with Seth Myers . He said Belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' , drawing laughter . Harington plays the character Jon Snow on the hit HBO programme . He appeared on the talk show to promote Game of Thrones ' new series .


More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery . Several have admitted they may impose ` eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight . Procedures affected include varicose vein treatment , hip and knee replacement , and breast reduction surgery .


Security guard Cengiz Guven is protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli . The 30-year-old from Istanbul is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine . His team will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 Australians . This will be conducted at the Lone Pine service on Anzac Day . About 4000 police and at least 1000 Turkish soldiers will be on duty . Mr Guven has previously protected Russell Crowe , Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler .


South Africa 's sports minister says he has received assurances from FIFA . Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee in Zurich this week . FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team 's warm-up games were fixed . No players were implicated , but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj


Researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York. They measured factors such as the adult's level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed. The researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first.


Eileen Mason , 92 , and Margaret Seabrook , 75 , were to a lunch club meeting in Swindon , Wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man tried to rob them of their mobility scooter baskets . The man grabbed Mrs Mason by the arm and reached for her carrier bag . But the would-be robber was soon to regret his action , as Mrs Mason shouted `


Just nine points separates the bottom seven clubs in the Premier League . Burnley sit bottom of the table on 26 points after 33 games in the league . Newcastle are 14th in the table on 35 points with five games remaining .


Raymond Handley was jailed for more than 13 years for assaulting child . The 62-year-old 's estranged daughter , Becky , read of his crimes online . She is calling for her father to be hanged for his ` sickening ' assault of girl . The restaurant worker , 20 , is planning to change her name via deed poll .


Stone 's biggest priority is to nourish his children with healthy food . He and wife Lindsay have two boys , Hudson , 3 , and Emerson , 7 months . ` I do n't want him to have the nitrates and c *** that 's in a hot dog , ' he says . He wants parents to expose their children to a range of healthy food . Stone is in Australia to promote his cookbook , Good Food , Good Life . Photos of Stone cooking and gardening with his wife feature in the book .


Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a ` run away success ' on The View , a network source tells Daily Mail Online . She would attract great guests-even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again . ` Barbara believes that Monica , 41 , could make


benfica and juventus are interested in signing diego de girolamo . the sheffield united forward is out of contract at the end of the season . de girolamo is currently on loan at northampton .


Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002 . The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner . Astonishingly , the image is the first to emerge of the former Beatle and Ms Mills from their wedding reception . In another never-before-seen picture , Sir Paul acts out a mock striptease in front of his delighted bride .


A heartbreaking photo of a six-year-old Pit mix appeared on an animal shelter 's Facebook page . The rescue center was inundated with calls about the dog . After just a few hours , the photo of Chester had been shared 6,000 times . A family was found to take care of him within days of the posting .


Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine . But a new generation of wipes -- known as radiance pads -- promise to remove eyeliner and mascara , but also to retexturise and brighten skin . Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice , these new pads are beauty game-changers , offering all the benefits


Trident nuclear deterrent could be moved to Gibraltar , according to reports . SNP want to eject Trident from its current base on the Clyde in Scotland . Military source says the MoD have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative . Nuclear submarines ' move could cost £ 3billion and take 10 years .


Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday night . The pair had to be separated during the traditional staredown . The pair were pulled apart after getting too close during the weigh-in . The 21-year-old has been hyped as the UFC 's next big thing . She made her UFC debut against Kailin Curran last November . But after being under 21 at the time ,


Jenny Wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota , Florida . Her nephew , Rick Wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness . Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda . Nik Wallenda has walked over the Grand Canyon and over Chicago . Jenny Wallenda walked the high wire as an adult and performed on bareback horses as a child . She also advocated for causes important to the circus community in her later years and helped create the Circus Ring of Fame .


alan spencer, 67, was tucking into dinner when he choked on pickled onion . he staggered into the hallway in a bid to get help from a passer-by . but he collapsed and felt his 'life slipping away' as he blacked out . luckily 18-month-old lexi leaped into action and jumped on his back .


Manchester City have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions . Manuel Pellegrini admitted that the spirit within his squad is a concern as he tries to arrest the slump . Patrick Vieira has impressed in his work with the club 's elite development squad and is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager until the end of the season .


louis, 23, was seen barefoot and sat on edge of sofa during stay at soho hotel . he appeared to be rolling joint while sat next to box filled with 'suspicious substance' snapchat images show him in hotel room with five female friends in early hours of thursday morning . one image shows newly-single louis in the company of a green-haired young lady holding up a cigarette .


Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward , Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow killed . Plane crashed near Bloomington , Illinois , shortly after midnight on Tuesday . It was on its way back from NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin . Ward tweeted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words ` My ride to the game was n't bad '


Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon led to positive tests on fleas . Residents warned about dangers to pets , especially cats . Disease can wipe out 90 per cent of prairie dogs in a colony .


India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. With each hour, the scale of the devastation became clearer. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal.


Michelle unveils sneak peak of Lipsy designs ahead of launch on Wednesday . Star , 27 , was unveiled as face of tanning brand recently . Shows off toned and tanned body in behind the scenes shoot . Swears by peanut butter smoothies and alkaline food delivery service .


Cate McGregor is a Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force . She spent 40 years in the army , most of those under the name Malcolm . In 2012 , McGregor stopped ` functioning ' as a man and lived as a woman . She tried to resign from the office when her transformation became public . Her resignation was refused by former Chief of Army David Morrison . McGregor believes Mr Abbott was n't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party . She addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series .


Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke 's defeat to Chelsea . The Scottish international shot from inside his own half after seeing keeper Thibaut Courtois off his line . Adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour . The 29-year-old admitted : ` The disappointing thing is we lost the game . On a personal note it is a great goal


Eddie Howe was left to rue the decisions of referee Paul Tierney . Bournemouth manager feels his side should 've been awarded a penalty . Callum Wilson was sent flying in the 65th minute of the draw at Dean Court . Howe also believes the Owls defender deserved to see red for the foul .


Dr Ellen Gallant battled to save the lives of those injured in avalanche . Spoke of her devastation seeing a 25-year-old Sherpa die in front of her . Earthquake sparked by devastating 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal . Four Americans among 18 people dead after huge avalanche on Everest .


Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight . Slager shot Scott in the back multiple times , then picked up something near Scott 's body . North Charleston 's police force is about 80 % white , with a population of 47 % black .


Ed Miliband will today pledge to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status . The rule allows Britain 's richest to avoid UK tax on their worldwide income . Labour will claim it 's open to abuse and offends the moral basis of taxation . But critics will say it is another example of Labour 's anti-business agenda .


Court rules American bulldog Winston must leave his home this month . Pet 's attacks led to 14-month ban on deliveries on two Blackburn roads . His owner Hayley Sandiford claims Winston is ` not a danger ' to anyone . ` Unfortunately he does have a thing about postmen but it is the mail they carry and not the postmen themselves ' , she said . Winston 's eviction means that postal deliveries will resume on May 1 .


Gaioz Nigalidze is banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament . Officials say he frequented the bathroom , where his phone was hidden in toilet paper . That phone had a chess analysis application open , officials say .


Moira Gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work when she collided with tipper lorry . She had recently left position at V&A for role at Royal Collection Trust . Colleagues said her death was ` devastating ' and she 'll be ` greatly missed ' Tipper lorry driver , 50 , was stopped near Lambeth Bridge but not arrested .


Dave Sim has spent months training to ride Tour route on a Chopper . The 36-year-old personal trainer hopes to inspire people to begin riding . His Raleigh Chopper is the 2004 revival of the classic 1970s kids ' bike . He said it had ` always been a dream ' to ride the famous Tour de France .


A total lunar eclipse will start at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time. The next hour and 45 minutes will be filled with the eclipse. The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds.


The baby, known as Mary, had been born at Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool. She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach. Her parents were reported to social services five times.


Demetri Nelson broke into a River Birch Drive home in South Carolina and demanded money. He then told the woman to get into the trunk of the car, authorities said. Nelson was unable to drive the victim's stick-shift car, but was arrested.


Charlie Sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading 's Madejski Stadium . The 20-year-old did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time . The Reading fan , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , was tackled by stewards . He is facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt . The order , due to be decided on April


West Indies opener Kraigg Brathwaite missed the ball but did n't review it . His apparent edge went to Jos Buttler off the bowling of Chris Jordan . With HotSpot not available in this Test , Brathwaite accepted the dismissal . No doubt about James Anderson 's bowling of Kraigg Brathwaite . West Indies went into lunch on day one in Grenada on 36 for two .


Karen Buckley , 24 , had been at the Sanctuary Nightclub in Glasgow . Left her friends and went back to a man 's house in the Kelvindale area . Was last seen leaving his house at 4 am and was planning to walk home . Friends raised alarm after she failed to return home on Sunday morning .


kim richards is accused of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication . she is expected to face misdemeanor charges, police say .


A new national survey analysed the travel habits of Australian parents . The study revealed one in five NSW families sedate their kids on long trips . The drug commonly used is known to cause breathing difficulties in kids . The medical community said the practice is dangerous for children .


julie merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . mother-of-three, who suffers severe liver cirrhosis, has vowed to quit the habit . not a drop of alcohol has passed her lips since january this year . ms merner hopes her story will push government to tackle killer drinking epidemic .


Neymar scored twice as Barcelona eased through at the Nou Camp . Brazilian ace did his best to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz . Former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous night in Barcelona . Dani Alves did his best to earn a new contract as he impressed throughout .


Tropical storm Maysak has been classified as a tropical storm . It 's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province .


scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old . the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have looked . instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots . the scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern dominican republic, include 13 entirely new species .


This year 's treats come in various forms , from ` fried ' to boiled and stuffed . You will either love or hate Marmite 's meaty-tasting Easter Egg . Fortnum & Mason 's ` Chotch Egg is encased in venison and 55 % chocolate .


Hannah Moore posted photos of her stretchmarks to Instagram to inspire . The 20 year old suffered from marks after giving birth to twins last year . Instagram then deleted Hannah from Broxburn , West Lothian 's account .


Shamima Begum , Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana fled to be ` jihadi brides ' Believed trio are training with Al-Khansa brigade in ISIS stronghold Raqqa . One of its leaders is British-born Aqsa Mahmood who fled to Syria in 2013 .


John Lord , 86 , was found dead close to where he and wife June , 81 , walked . His family said he had left a note before he disappeared on April 6 . Wife of 63 years died from ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain six days earlier . Police found Mr Lord 's body in River Trent near couple 's favourite beauty spot .


Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of Labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts. Now Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.


Isco unhappy with his role at Real Madrid . The Spanish midfielder moved to the Bernabeu in 2013 . Isco had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City . The 23-year-old worked with City boss Manuel Pellegrini at Malaga . CLICK HERE to see who Real Madrid will face in the Champions League .


Dougie Fife , Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were rested for last week 's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli . The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the Madejski Stadium clash with the Exiles .


England begin their tour of West Indies in Saint Kitts on Monday . Captain Alastair Cook says he is ` refreshed ' by winter sabbatical at home . Cook was axed as England 's one-day captain , missing awful World Cup . He will now seek to restore some national pride in the West Indies . England face New Zealand and Australia at home later this summer .


jonathan crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage . "anne of green gables" debuted in canada on cbc tv in 1984 . the movies were carried in the united states by the disney channel and pbs .


Holly , 34 , and 47-year-old Davina pose up for Garnier Nutrisse . Show off their glossy locks in the shoot as they cuddle up . Both are brand ambassadors and will star in a nationwide campaign .


Gang in North-West allegedly beating up and blackmailing string of men . They pose as children online and attack those who agree to meet them . Man punched in church car park and another loses teeth in high street . Two victims have also been arrested by police on suspicion of grooming .


didier drogba's charity ball raised £400,000 for his foundation . the chelsea striker celebrated chelsea's 1-0 win over manchester united . drogba was joined on stage by popstar christina milian .


Adelaide Crows captain Taylor Walker comforted team 's crying mascot . Satine Cahill , 7 , was supposed to lead AFL team out onto field on Sunday . She became spooked by fireworks on the field and burst into tears . Tex approached Satine and comforted her before holding her hand tightly . They walked out into the stadium together to take on North Melbourne .


Sierra Sharry was eight months pregnant when her son 's father died . A photographer was able to add Lane Smith to the family photo .


A big pitfall on dinner dates is a struggle to find topics to discuss . Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks lists funny facts to avoid silence . They include ` Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer '


the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall are celebrating their 10th anniversary at birkhall in deeside . the couple, who married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall, are spending their anniversary privately . the new image, which is the work of top photographer oliver dann, was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the u.s .


`` The Cold War has been over for a long time , '' President Obama says . The thaw in ties has dominated discussion at the Summit of the Americas in Panama . The top leaders from the United States and Cuba have n't met for substantive talks in more than 50 years .


Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual Ultimate Guy Search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor . He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway , who clinched the top spot last year .


Ben Powers joined the cast of `` Good Times '' for its sixth and final season . He played Thelma 's husband Keith Anderson .


Fed up local slams ` tragics ' taking up carparks in wealthy Sydney suburb . ` If you ca n't afford to park ... do n't come here ' letter left on windscreen reads . Other locals shocked that someone in their community would leave note . ` We were horrified such a nimby culture existed in Cammeray ' they said .


France's biggest handball star Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. Karabatic, a multiple world and Olympic gold medalist, and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club lost to a struggling team.


Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . Much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way . Shigeru Miyagawa , Professor of Linguistics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , has a different theory about what created human language . He says humans combined an ` expressive ' layer of language with a ` lexical ' layer , as seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds , such as alarm calls .


The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening. Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.


Casey , 30 , found fame on Big Brother . Has unveiled debut fashion range full of summer styles . Wants to take Hollywood by storm and is filming now .


Harry met James Freedman , who has his own one-man pickpocket show . Performer advises police and teaches people how not to be victims of theft . In astonishing demonstration , he shows how quickly a thief can rob you .


Kelly Watson began having problems with coordination and speech in 2011 . Despite regular trips to GPs , never thought she had dementia as too young . But after tests and a brain scan , hit with horrifying news on 41st birthday . Now terrified of forgetting her daughter Holly , 17 , as condition will worsen . Said the joys of watching her grow up had all been ` stolen ' from her .


mehmet selim kiraz, 46, was taken hostage by the revolutionary people's liberation party-front (dhkp-c) last week . a turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' his wife and children . the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey, the european union and us .


The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood, played by Kevin Spacey. The hit TV series is based on the US business magazine. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.


The American Pharmacists Association votes to adopt a ban as an official policy . The group says such activities are `` fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers '' The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection , a spokeswoman says .


Many Clouds , ridden by Leighton Aspell , won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday . The 38-year-old became the first rider since Bryan Marshall , who won on Royal Tan and Early Mist in 1953 and 1954 , to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses . The gelding passed the line one-and-three-quarter lengths in front of Tom George-trained 33-1 shot


Morgan Stanley said prospect of Labour government reliant on Scottish Nationalists would create ` greatest uncertainty ' of election result . ` Anti-austerity ' agenda could lead to an ` earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case ' Second major bank , Goldman Sachs , raised concerns about the same outcome on May 7 . Goldman said Labour would be ` dragged to the Left ' by the


More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend. It emerged the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.


Travellers stopping at the St. Cloud airport in Minnesota can hunt turkey . Pittsburgh airport offers deer hunting permits on its 800 acres of land . San Francisco offers its guests a choice of two yoga rooms to unwind in .


It 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months . Miracles do happen , though , and not just in Hollywood . In order to survive , they ca n't bank on technology or the proximity of a nearby city .


A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out. You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before they hit the sack.


Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday . The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event featuring Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson . 50 Cent said Broner was disrespectful of Jay Z and should have accepted the offer .


Dr Frederic Brandt was found hanged in his Miami home on Tuesday. The 65-year-old was found hanged with his arms and legs tied up. He was found by his roommate, who called 911 and said the doctor was 'in a bad mood' Brandt was a popular and 'scholarly' student with a promise of a 'medical career'


Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the Family Defender Toolkit . The informational pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded . Obama 's policies . Those policies , however , are currently on hold by a court order .


Scott Kemery , 44 , was reliably told by a friend that rubbing alcohol was an effective way to kill bedbugs .


Juan Arango 's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league . Arango went up to Jesus Zavala and bit him on the shoulder . The incident was reminiscent of Luis Suarez 's bite on Giorgio Cheillini 's shoulder .


Lord Janner escaped justice after allegations of historic child-sex abuse were made . Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ` ignored advice ' of two top QCs . Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC were leading counsel to the investigation . Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts . Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer in the


The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected . The shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors . TEPCO says the site 's still too dangerous for workers to enter . Decommissioning work is estimated to cost $ 50 billion .


Video shows the planes approaching the runway at the same speed . The two aircraft maintain this as their wheels touch the tarmac . Aviation expert calls the manoeuvre ` Closely Spaced Parallel Runway operations '


The freshmen students from Yichuan , Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open . School said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space . Many of the students said sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed


Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and Vancouver police . The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel . The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident .


Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma. The policeman from Hailsham, East Sussex, was on holiday with his family when he broke his neck. His father Michael said it was too early to know whether Luke's injuries will leave him permanently disabled.


The woman , who calls herself Zhu Diandian online , has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet . The porker has now grown to a whopping 187 lbs -LRB- 13st -RRB- But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two . Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together .


Sir Alex Ferguson admitted he had to change his everyday habits as he got older in management. The Scot enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Old Trafford hotseat between 1986-2013. The now 73-year-old revealed he had to modify his sleeping pattern to ensure he still had the same energy for the consuming role at United.


michael carrick has played for england for 13 years, 310 days . sir stanley matthews has played for england for 22 years, 228 days . carrick is on course to become the longest-serving england player .


dr lara briden says that premenstrual symptoms such as irritability, cravings and fatigue are not normal . the naturopathic doctor says they can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet . dr briden's patient, julie, noticed a dramatic change within the first month after changing her eating habits .


Shanghai , like many large Chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies . To register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like Li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software .


Amanda Holden will host new show on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre . She and co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in animals . The six-week ITV series begins on Wednesday April 15 at 8 pm . Viewers interested in adopting a pet can apply on the ITV website .


ronda rousey is a huge wwe fan but wants to return to the ring . rousey appeared with fast and furious 7 co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31 . the ufc champion wants to fight bethe correia in rio de janeiro .


Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain Sumo Salad. The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies. This comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book.


Nicola Sturgeon urged Miliband to help her 'lock' David Cameron out of Downing Street. She said the offer stood 'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the House of Commons. The SNP leader's comments raise prospect of Mr Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support.


Shona Banda , 37 , wrote a book about how she uses liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn 's disease in 2009 . She was diagnosed with the inflammatory bowel disease in the early 2000s . Banda has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City , Kansas . Her 11-year-old son was taken by police on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about


Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico 's latest advert . Duo square off in a top trump style competition of honours and accolades . Pair were involved in the dramatic 1999 Champions League final . Manchester United came from a goal behind to beat Bayern Munich 2-1 .


Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American . Frida Ghitis : It 's sad about what 's so farce about his racial farce . She says affirmative action is merely a form of `` systematic racism '' Ghitis says doctors should follow in their father 's footsteps .


Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents . He is then accused of driving their bodies 150 miles in a Nissan Micra . But Crook 's defence lawyer has accused prosecutors of losing the car . Police say the Micra is n't lost and is somewhere ` in the North of England '


Raheem Sterling says he is not yet ready to sign a new deal at Liverpool . Paul Scholes says he should stay and develop at Anfield . Scholes says Sterling does not score enough goals . The rise of Raheem Sterling : From £ 60 a day at QPR to knocking back £ 100,000-per-week contracts . READ : Sportsmail answers five questions on Sterling 's future . Sterling : What he said about contract talks ... and what he meant .


Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . From boogie boarding to windsurfing , Sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm . Snapchat 's Sydney story is a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day .


newcastle host swansea city at st james' park on saturday . magpies have lost their last six premier league games in a row . daryl janmaat has likened the match to the world cup semi-final .


human harvest: china's organ trafficking is a new sbs documentary . it claims chinese hospitals are harvesting 11,000 organs a year from political prisoners without anaesthetic . some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed .


Family pet Leo nearly burned down home in Peckham , south-east London . Staffordshire-Boxer cross managed to switch on cooker hunting for food . Child 's car seat left on top of one of the hob 's rings caught fire . Subsequent blaze damaged a third of the ground floor of the property .


Heavyweight boxer Dereck Chisora is planning a summer comeback . Promoter Frank Warren has revealed Chisora is back in training . Chisora has not boxed since defeat to switch-hitting Tyson Fury . Fellow heavyweight David Price is being lined up to fight Chisora .


Zlatan Ibrahimovic will line up against former club Barcelona on Tuesday . PSG travel to face the Spanish giants trailing 3-1 in their European tie . The French club must score at least three times to reach the semi-finals . Ibrahimovic is back in action after missing the first leg through suspension . READ : Laurent Blanc labels semi-final qualification ` practically impossible '


Delphi Automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the US . Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode . The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia . The team collected nearly three terabytes of data -- about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress . Delphi is using the long journey


Father-of-four Gavin Thorman , 36 , was kingpin of a violent drugs gang . Drugs worth £ 200,000 seized by police following five year investigation . Planned to spend ill-gotten money on new teeth , liposuction and a facelift . He has been jailed for 12 years after admitting conspiracy to supply drugs along with 25 other defendants involved in the north Wales-based group . Gavin Thorman , 36 , of no fixed abode but formerly of Caernarfon , pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply cocaine and cannabis - 12 years . James Dylan Davies , 41 , of Cae Mur , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine - jailed eight years and six months . Richard Broadley , 34 , formerly of Caernarfon and now of Tarporley Close , Stockport , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed six years and eight months . Adam Roberts , 33 , of Lon Eilian , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed for eight years . Christopher Taylor , 29 , of Pool Street , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed for eight years and three months . Dylan Rees Hughes , 30 , of Glan Peris , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed for nine years . Jonathan White , 32 , of Caernarfon , pleaded guilty to supplying cannabis and having an imitation gun , found guilty of supplying cocaine after a trial - 11 years . Gavin Rees Hughes , 29 , of Ty 'n Lon , Llandwrog , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine - six years and eight months . Martin Taylor , 26 , of Pool Street , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cannabis - 40 months . Gethin Ellis , 23 , of Cae Bold , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - four years . Paul Hughes , 36 , of Lon Nant , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - four years and eight months . Martin Shaw , 32 , of Llanberis Road , Caernarfon , guilty to supplying cannabis - 20 months . Dawn Williams , 47 , of Lon Eilian , Caernarfon , allowing premises to be used for supply of cocaine and cannabis - 14 months . Julian Williams , 40 , of Lon Eilian , Caernarfon , guilty to allowing premises to be used for supply of cocaine and cannabis - 40 weeks . Yasmin Owen , 25 , of Church Drive , Caernarfon , guilty to money laundering - 12 months . Ryan Williams , 34 , of Caer Saint , Caernarfon , entering arrangement concerning criminal property - three and a half years . Nicole Herbert , 30 , of Llanddeiniolen , Caernarfon , guilty to money laundering - 10 months suspended for 18 months . Rizwan Hussain , 28 , of Rochdale and formerly of Caernarfon , found guilty of supplying cannabis after trial - six years . James Whitworth , 30 , of Manchester , pleaded guilty to cannabis , found guilty of supplying cocaine after trial - 12 years . Anthony Ferguson , 20 , of Tweedle Hill Road , Blackley , Manchester , guilty of supplying cocaine and cannabis - six years and eight months . Gregory Appleby , 20 , of Bromfield Paark , Middleton , Manchester , guilty of supplying cannabis - two years . Ian Ogden , 26 , of Hesford Avenue , Moston , Manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 16 months . Samuel Hughes , 34 , of White Moss Road , Blackley , Manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 18 months . Jake Crookes , 23 , of Selston Road , Blackley , Manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 16 months . Patrick Tynan , 23 , of Alconbury Walk , Blackley , Manchester , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - four years . Anthony Hunt , 30 , of Rudston Avenue , Manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 16 months .


odds on prince george's baby being named sam have been slashed . it follows the success of sam waley-cohen at aintree this weekend . mr waley-cohen helped the duke and duchess rekindle their romance .


Fernando Hierro reckons Real Madrid can win the Champions League again . The club legend believes winning the trophy is in the club 's genes . Carlo Ancelotti 's men face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .


Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final clash with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . The # 86million player is hoping to be back in time for the Champions League semi-finals if the holders qualify . Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has been booed at times in his own stadium . Carlo Ancelotti has already gone on record as to how important


Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts . But following legal disputes , Apple signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing -LRB- TSMC -RRB- in 2013 . From next year , Samsung will supply 80 % of Apple 's supply of application processors , with TSMC supplying the remaining 20 % .


Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday . She was driving a friend 's car 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia 's southeast . The 25-year-old abandoned her car in the centre of Mount Gamsbier on Monday . She contacted local authorities and told them she had been in Glenelg Conservation Park and that she was safe and well .


The iconic Eiffel Tower in Paris has 336 lamps illuminating it at night. The Arc De Triomphe was constructed in 1806 and is the centrepiece of Place Charles de Gaulle at the end of the Champs-Élysées.


April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa . This year 's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks .


Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield on Saturday . Goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen secured the win . Brendan Rodgers ' side are now four points off the top four . Newcastle boss John Carver admits Moussa Sissoko could have been sent off .


Presenters met with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman in London . Came hours after Mr Wilman , a close friend of Clarkson , quit the BBC . Meeting fueled speculation that team will reunite to launch show with rival . James May says BBC should not attempt show with ` surrogate Jeremy '


Mark O'Mara : Video captured Michael Slager shooting Walter Scott ; if cop had been wearing a body camera , he probably would n't have fired . O'Mara says such cameras are expensive , but cheaper than wrongful death payouts -- and the cost of a human life . The underlying problem is racial bias in policing ; until that 's solved , body cameras are a good interim solution .


Activists in the Missouri suburb , protesting over the shooting death of unarmed black teen Michael Brown , were also known as ` adversaries ' The National Guard was first activated in Ferguson in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency when riots broke out .


Daniel Steele , 25 , was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40 pm on Saturday night . Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday . Her baby , a girl , survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital .


Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years. She posed as a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash. She was caught after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in a communal hall near to the Old Trafford football ground.


romance was born presented their new collection 'cooee couture' at the art gallery of new south wales on thursday . the show was one of the highlights of mercedes-benz fashion week australia . the collection is filled with design duo luke sales and anna plunkett's trademark eccentricity .


Trotters, who describe their clothing as 'exclusive, yet affordable: stylish yet traditional', has unveiled a very regal new range for the Duchess of Cambridge's offspring. The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers.


the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . the young male is the second of its species ever seen . the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru and it's been sitting in a russian museum since .


Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure . The Ivorian is open to a move if the right challenge presents itself . Toure insists that he will not remain at City just to pick up his wages . The 31-year-old could be sold by City as they look to reshape their squad . READ : Manuel Pellegrini is ` weak ' , says Yaya Toure 's agent .


Jeremy Clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked . He claimed the upside was that he could now swear without punishment . Clarkson also mistook a male bidder for a female during charity gig . He later joked to the Cotswolds crowd that he was ` trawling the job centre '


The Girl In The Spider 's Web is fourth installment in Stieg Larsson 's series . Written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks . Plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .


In total , Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times . She is believed to still be married to four men , and at one time , she was married to eight men at once . Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam .


Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive FEI World Cup Dressage title . The French pair narrowly missed their own world record in Las Vegas on Sunday . It was a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the Thomas & Mack Arena .


Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday . Bayern trailed 3-1 after their first leg defeat in Portugal . Manager Pep Guardiola appeared with a tear in his trousers on the sideline .


Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost last appeal against execution . Indonesia 's attorney-general said the pair would now be put to death . The two Australians are currently in isolation on Nusakambangan Island . They were moved last month from Bali jail to the island to await execution .


The University of Kentucky 's winning streak was brought to an end Saturday night with a 71-64 loss to the University of Wisconsin . The Wisconsin Badgers will now play Duke for the NCAA tournament title Monday night - their first final since 1941 . A crowd of more than a thousand gathered near UK 's Lexington campus Saturday night to mourn the loss . Police in riot gear arrested 31 people at that gathering on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .


holly nicole solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband daniel with their suv in a mesa, arizona, parking lot . she had been arguing with her husband after learning that he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election . solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct . she now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal .


The California firm said it will announce a ` home battery ' and a ` very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors . While products such as this already exist , founder Elon Musk thinks they ` suck ' , according to Tesla 's investor relations director , Jeff Evanson . The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project , but it is


The driver , named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang , drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother . He called police but his mother , from Wuhu , died on the way to hospital . Police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run .


The One-touch-911 app was developed by researchers at MIT , Harvard . Users call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help using buttons on the phone 's home screen . It automatically sends a person 's location , identity and any medical details . This works even if the user does n't have mobile signal or ca n't speak .


Joss Labadie given six-month ban for biting Ronnie Henry . Incident took place shortly before the end of League Two clash between Dagenham and Stevenage in March . The midfielder pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a FA disciplinary hearing on Wednesday . Labadie served a 10-match ban and was fined £ 2,000 in 2014 for biting .


Study estimates yearly figure for women aged 40-59 . Breast cancer is the second biggest cancer killer among American women . A critic claims there was no attempt to balance the costs with the benefits .


A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane to protest van hire company Wicked Campers . The group has spray-painted offensive slogans on the side of campervans . The vans include the slogans ` In every princess , there 's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once ' Over 120,000 Australians signed a petition to remove the vans in 2014 . Wicked Pickets


Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million . Promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for # 1.5 m live on television on Tuesday . Scott will fight on July 18 at Manchester Arena . It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight at the O2 Arena . I have held talks with both Nonito Donaire , the


The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting. "The Americans," 10 p.m. ET Wednesday, FX.


jimmy white's bid to qualify for the world snooker championship ended on monday . the 52-year-old lost 10-8 to matthew selt in qualifying in sheffield . six-time world champion steve davis was also knocked out .


Shocking surveillance footage taken in forecourt of Sunoco gas station in Philadelphia . Five people , including two children , storming out of minivan and attacking 51-year-old . One of the group takes out Mace as the man is brought to ground . They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless . The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-years-old boy


14-month-old Princess Leonore was taken to meet the Pope at the Vatican . Looked out of sorts and played with her mother Madeleine 's pearls . Madeleine 's British husband Christopher O'Neill , 40 , was also there .


Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding . She fronted Brisbane court on Saturday for failing to previously appear on April 7 . The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him .


New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over 75s . Also applies to younger patients with serious conditions , such as cancer . Told to ask if patients wants doctors to resuscitate them if health worsens . Medical professionals say it is ` blatantly wrong ' and will frighten elderly .


Random Darknet Shopper is a computer bot that randomly purchases an item every week from a hidden part of the internet called the dark net . Swiss police seized bot after it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets from Germany . It was later released ` without charge ' according to the artists behind the bot . They designed it as part of an art exhibition to display items bought by the robot over the dark net including trainers , a passport scan and cigarettes .


Chris Ryves set up Find Boston Bombers thread after the 2013 bombings . Within hours , millions of users had taken to subreddit to identify bomber . They analysed photos and videos of spectators at marathon on April 15 . Slung false accusations at those wearing backpacks or acting strangely . Claims led to Sunil Tripathi , 22 , being wrongly identified as the suspect . Frenzy only halted after Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev were named . Now , Ryves has told of regrets about Reddit thread in new documentary . In film , The Thread , he says the subreddit ` became almost its own beast '


Nikki Balovich took off her ring when she was pregnant with swollen fingers . Suspected their 90 lb mastiff puppy , Halli , had swallowed it . Four months later it was returned by a stranger who found it in excrement at local field they walk in .


A quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a Philadelphia park for more than four days . Police say the man 's mother left him in the park Monday morning . She then took a bus to Maryland to see her boyfriend , police say . The mother faces a host of charges .


'escort cards' were used in the late 19th century to flirt with women . they were a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive . collector alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers . they bear phrases such as: 'may i be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'


Marc Benioff announced Wednesday he was helping remove Salesforce employees from Indiana after numerous had complained to him . One employee has received a $ 50,000 ` relocation package ' Said earlier he was reducing investments in the state and stopping all work-related travel and events . Salesforce is a San Francisco-based tech company that offers ` customer relationship management ' Lawmakers said Friday morning they had amended the Religious Freedom Restoration Act so no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone ' Numerous companies and CEOs have spoken out in protest .


Move the nation 's nuclear deterrent to the British territory could cost # 3billion . The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland , but Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde . Military source said MoD officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative . ` A party was sent to Gibraltar in January to determine whether the option could work , ' it


American expat Brad Reynolds wrote his first review in 2010 while visiting Saint Petersburg , Russia . The 38-year-old teacher critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday . Brad 's 66,000 contributions to the travel website include nearly 40,000 photos of the places he has visited . The teacher has posted reviews from nearly 400 cities and almost 50 countries . Now living in Hong Kong , his travel tips have been read by millions of people around the world .


Rodney Stover , 48 , a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men 's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles , rapists , and other sex-offenders . The shelter is located just one block from the Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $ 27,000 per year . Stover was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack


Niamh Geaney , 26 , from Dublin , teamed up with two friends to launch project . Aim was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . It attracted submissions to ` twin-strangers . com ' from across the world . ` I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me , ' she said .


Mark Hawkins , 49 , allegedly barricaded himself inside a vintage blue bus . Wanted for failing to appear in court for ` delivery of controlled substance ' During seven-hour standoff , Hawkins ` shot and wounded police dog ' SWAT team fired over 12 rounds of tear gas in bid to force him out of bus . They finally decided to ram armored car into vehicle , punching holes in it . At about 6.30 pm Friday , Hawkins was shot nine times by cops ; later died . Officers involved are on administrative leave ; an investigation is ongoing .


Pep Guardiola will enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich at the end of the season. Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer. Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and face Bayer Leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the German Cup on Wednesday night.


Australian doctor who joined ISIS is still registered to practice medicine . Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh has n't been deregistered despite publicly supporting terrorist cult . He appeared in ISIS recruitment video calling for support of foreign medics . Medical Board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes or misconduct . It comes after colleagues revealed Dr Kamleh was ` a womaniser who slept with a sex worker after checking her medical records '


Jurgen Klopp rejected the overtures of West Ham United after handing in his notice at Borussia Dortmund . Rafael Benitez could return to English football after leaving Napoli . West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture . Sam Allardyce is n't that man .


Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide , currently ranking seventh with $ 1.152 billion . It is expected to overtake both Iron Man 3 and Frozen to join the top five all-time at the worldwide box before running out of gas .


RJ Jackson is one of around 70 sufferers of Netherton 's syndrome . Four-year-old 's skin appears red and scaly , and can be itchy and painful . Mother Valerie Jackson is regularly accused of ` scalding or burning ' him . Says RJ faces cruel taunts from bullies - most of whom are ignorant adults .


Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night . That 's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines , who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five . The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players .


Disqualified owner Massimo Cellino confirms Nicola Salerno 's departure . Announcement comes six days after assistant coach was suspended . Salerno understood to be responsible for Steve Thompson suspension . Italian has been linked with sporting director 's job at Palermo in Italy .


Mateo Musacchio fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during Getafe draw . Santi Cazorla tweeted : ` A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo ' Arsenal midfielder Cazorla and Musacchio played together at Villarreal .


Site can analyze any photo and will guess the age and sex . Said 30-year-old Khloe Kardashian looks 44 . Microsoft app also determined Obama looks the right age of 53 . Users can search for photos on Bing or upload their own .


Maureen McDonnell 's attorneys argued her corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on overly broad definition of bribery . McDonnells were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans . Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day .


Road safety video stars walk streets in bizarre ` safety suit ' costumes . Campaign says that 37 people pedestrians killed each year in Philadelphia . Some have criticized program for blaming those hit rather than motorists .


Jose Mourinho has declared he doesn't care where Chelsea win the Premier League. The Blues lead the table by six points with a game in hand. Chelsea face Stoke City at home on Saturday in the first of their final nine games of the season.


Manchester United have offered goalkeeper David de Gea £200,000-a-week. De Gea has been offered £180,000-a-week plus bonuses. United have been in talks with the 24-year-old for more than a week.


Four-time Masters champion made the announcement on Friday . He said he has worked a lot on his game and is excited to compete . Woods last competed on February 5 at the Farmers Insurance Open when he walked off the course because of tightness in his lower back .


hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag . she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad to be banned .


Gianni Van , now 45 , is accused of kidnapping and brutally killing his then girlfriend 's accused rapist while in college in Southern California in 1995 . Norma Esparza , who went on to work as a psychology professor in France , was accused in the murder along with three others . Esparza , now the mother of a little girl , was expected to testify against her former boyfriend in a Santa Ana courtroom this month .


Flight 448 had just taken off when the pilot heard banging from beneath . LA-bound plane was forced to return to Seattle for emergency landing . Worker emerged calm but was taken to hospital as a precaution . Cargo hold was pressurized and temperature controlled , so the man was not in danger .


The two males arrested are 21 and 15 years old , St. Louis police say in a tweet . A video that went viral showed three black males attacking a white man .


Midfielder had been a key performer while James Rodriguez was out . But Isco lost his place in the team when the Colombian returned to fitness . Injuries to Luka Modric and Gareth Bale saw Isco return against Atletico .


West Ham striker Enner Valencia is a transfer target for Chelsea . Jose Mourinho is keen on signing the Ecuadorian in the summer . Chelsea have offered Patrick Bamford a new contract at Middlesbrough . The 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for the Championship side .


Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs as a ` crisis ' for French rugby . Saracens are the nation 's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath , Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup . Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont 's 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints .


A selection of notes from British artist 's 1,500-note collection goes on display in London . Artist spent six years trawling streets finding scraps of paper detailing people 's lives . In era of smartphones and social media , notes provide reminder of power of handwritten word .


ministry of defence 1, also known as ‘churchill’s toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill . he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions . some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two .


Alexis Tsipras , Greece 's prime minister , will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow . The meeting comes amid reports Russia is considering bailing out Greece . Reports Kremlin may offer loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas .


Rarely since the first century have Christians faced persecution on this scale , say Dolan , Downey and Burnett . Crisis escalated substantially as ISIS has swept through Iraq 's Nineveh province , the authors write .


Christine Davidson lost her battle to cancer at an Adelaide nursing home . Her diamond ring was last seen three weeks before she passed away . The family has claimed a brazen thief is behind the missing ring . The 61-year-old wanted to hand her ring down to her only granddaughter . The family have launched an emotional public appeal to get her ring back . A local jewellery store has offered a $ 1000 reward for anyone providing information that leads to finding the missing ring .


Mauricio Pochettino believes the Europa League could hamper Tottenham's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League next season. The White Hart Lane club could yet qualify for the Europa League. Pochettino says the Europa League is difficult to manage.


Charles Kane of Spencerport , New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex . The girl was in fact an undercover officer who had responded to Kane 's online posting for sex with a young girl and a daddy/daughter relationship . Kane , 46 , is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters . He had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater . Kane had a full box of condoms on him at the time he was arrested . He has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .


dell 'super dell' schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts . he pleaded guilty to knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . schanze was scheduled to go to trial on april 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted .


PM was filmed at home with his family for an ITV profile due to be aired tonight . During the show , Mr Cameron is teased for appearing to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book . His wife said the breakfast-time teasing was typical of the way the PM 's family keep him ` grounded '


`` Monty Python and the Holy Grail '' celebrates 40 years Thursday . The 1975 film is considered a comedy classic . Troupe made three movies together , not including concert works and compilations .


Lauren Crawley had surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear . While the op was a success , it damaged a facial nerve . The left side of her face consequently appeared droopy . But a new platinum implant has ` made her look more normal '


Licensing system for new agents was due to change on April 1 . New rules allow anybody to become a football agent . Mel Stein warns that new regulations will ` create anarchy '


Houses in areas with a Waitrose cost an average of # 354,378 . That 's 12 per cent more than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch . But having a budget store on your doorstep means your house could sell for less . Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts .


Manny Pacquiao 's early life is portrayed in a new film called Kid Kulafu . The film is named after bottles of wine the boxer collected as a child . It charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first steps in the ring . Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 .


Earthquake scientists have been expecting major event in Nepal since 1934 . Population density , weak building infrastructure amplified damage , USGS spokesman says . `` This event , while large and tragic , is not unusual '' in region , geological engineer says .


Cardinal Francis George , a Chicago native , died Friday . He was to be buried Thursday in his family 's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines . He was appointed by Pope John Paul II in 1997 to lead the Chicago Archdiocese . George earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the U.S. Church .


Scotland's oldest inhabited castle hosts an Easter bonnet parade. Free with admission to Stirling Castle, a medieval castle. Carreg Cennen Castle hosts a workshop for children.


The actor , 61 , appeared on Good Morning America to promote The Forger . Was asked about controversial Scientology documentary Going Clear . Film alleges church elders hold a ` blackmail file ' to keep Travolta with them . Travolta insists he has ` loved every minute ' , it is ` misunderstood ' and it has helped him get through hard times over 40 years . Tells his critics to ` read a book ' and not to ` speculate '


Laurent Stefanini , 55 , asked to represent France to the Catholic Church . Homosexual diplomat 's appointment met with silence from the Vatican . Catholic , Stefanini was number two at France 's Vatican mission from 2001 . In 2013 the Pope seemed to speak out against the Vatican 's anti-gay stance .


"lost river" is ryan gosling's first feature as director . a year after its cannes debut, the film is still causing quite a stir . gosling: "i wanted to make a film about that"


Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park . He was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . Cousins had been on bail and was supposed to appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up . His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments .


Couple caught on camera having sex in broad daylight in Crawley park . Semi-naked pair did n't appear to mind people walking past the encounter . Entire incident was seen by workers at office block overlooking the park . It came on the hottest day of the year so far as temperatures reached 25C .


daniel boykin, 33, was sentenced thursday for unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . he admitted to repeatedly filming the victim inside a bathroom at nashville international airport and breaking into her home five times . he will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, however will not be registered as a sex offender .


The 27-year-old man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road. 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police. Police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D'Addario, 35.


New approach targets cancer stem cells that evade conventional treatment . The cells cause tumours to re-grow , causing secondary breast cancer . Treatment combines Sulforadex with standard hormonal treatments .


The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with the Australiana-themed Romance Was Born show . Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection ` Cooee Couture ' at the Art Gallery of NSW . The collection was filled with eccentric designs by Eastern Suburbs florist Sean Cook-aka Mr Cook Flowers .


Sean Dyche says Danny Ings needs to smile and the goals will come . The 23-year-old , who is heavily linked with Manchester United , has n't found the net in seven appearances for the Premier League strugglers . Dyche believes it 's only a matter of time before he does break his duck . CLICK HERE for all the latest Burnley news .


David Cameron invited ITV film crew into Downing Street kitchen for show . Interview also featuring his wife Samantha is to be shown on ITV tonight . In show , PM is teased for appearing to confuse hit film Frozen for a book . SamCam says family joke over breakfast as way of keeping PM ` grounded '


Laura Robson has not played since January 2014 due to a wrist problem . She has had surgery and is now reportedly eyeing a French Open return . Robson took time out to enjoy some country music at Tortuga Festival .


Raheem Sterling says he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with Liverpool . The 20-year-old has been abused , even by his own fans , over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £ 90,000-per-week . Sterling was heckled at the club 's recent kit launch .


Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall are spending their anniversary in Deeside. The couple married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall. The couple are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.


Heather Mack is accused of murdering her mother and is in a Bali prison . Teenager is caring for her baby in cell shared with eight other prisoners . A minister paid her a personal visit today and offered her extra comforts . Mack will get own room until she decides whether to give baby to a family .


Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League 's best keepers . With uncertainty over David de Gea 's future , United and PSG are interested . Lloris signed a five-year deal with Spurs last year . And Daniel Levy will put price tag on Lloris to keep United and PSG at bay .


Coloring books made for adults are popular on Amazon 's bestselling books list . Books with calming , meditative and spiritual themes appeal to adults looking to unwind .


Indianara Carvalho , 23 , triumphed in 2014 's Miss BumBum contest . She posted the controversial nude to Instragram snap on Good Friday . Fans blasted the model for her lack of ` respect ' to God . Last year , Miss Carvalho had vaginal surgery to ` restore ' her virginity .


Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college at a calculus-based physics study group . In 2014 , Shelby was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer in her spine . Ben was also diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma , which he had fought for 15 years . Ben is now on chemotherapy , hoping it will force the cancer into remission .


Tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport , Greater Manchester , in the 1930s . They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces . After the Second World War , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of Lancashire and Cheshire could hide from Nazi bombs . A total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter , which was


The jury that sentenced Aaron Hernandez to life in prison on Wednesday want the world to know that they gave the former New England Patriots star a fair trial . When asked if they knew Hernandez before the trial , most of the jury raised their hands . Only one juror , Rosalie Oliver , did n't know of the tight end who had a $ 40million contract with the


Charlie Adam has been the talk of football this Easter weekend after his incredible 66-yard goal against Chelsea. Adam's sweetly struck left-footed strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois absolutely no chance. The Stanley keeper tries desperately to stop the ball as it sails towards the goal.


john moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating . the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night . mr moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture .


As of Friday , 142 people have tested positive for HIV in Scott and Jackson counties . This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . The `` severe outbreak '' has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana .


sandstorms caused havoc in saudi arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools closed . footage, captured on camera in saudi arabia by mohammed mohsen, shows the sandstorm sweeping into the area . the video concludes with the filmmaker moving the camera around to show the sheer capacity of the cloud .


a body pulled from the mississippi river on saturday has been identified as barway edwin collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly four weeks . authorities said the body was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in brooklyn center . crystal police said on sunday that the boy's father, 33-year-old pierre collins, is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation .


Graeme Finlay allegedly attacked Ronald and June Phillips on a cruise ship . The couple were walking back to their cabin on the ship to drink cocoa . Finlay denies two charges of wounding and grievous bodily harm . He claims the couple ignored him after he sat with them at a dinner table .


ISIS has taken credit for a bombing near the US Consulate in Iraq on Friday . The blast in Ainkawa killed two Turks and injured 8 . No US Consulate employees were wounded or killed .


Delta Air Lines has unveiled an innovative new pet GPS system. The service is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports. The move was no doubt aimed to make passengers feel safer about bringing pets with them.


Rangers have been de-listed from the London Stock Exchange . Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor . Interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM 's decision at the door of the club 's previous board . Rangers also this week announced six-month losses of £ 2.6 million .


Mullah Omar , the reclusive founder of the Afghan Taliban , is still in charge , a new biography claims . An ex-Taliban insider says there have been rumors that the one-eyed militant is dead .


Westwood-designed penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month . It will cost a eye-watering $ 25,000 -LRB- almost # 17,000 -RRB- a night . The 10th-floor penthouse-measuring 11,000 square feet with two levels-will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings . Guests can spot Westwood 's prints , tiles and even scarves in the LA suite , before spending an hour of exclusive


Traditional Chinese Medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world . The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $ 20 billion -LRB- £ 13bn -RRB- illegal wildlife network , the worlds third largest elicit trade .


Billy Vunipola was citied on Monday night for an alleged butt . The Saracens No 8 will face an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday . Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper .


Jack Jordan proposed to girlfriend Laura Cant while suffering leukaemia . Pair planned to marry after Mr Jordan received a bone marrow transplant . Last week he was told he was too ill to have surgery and has weeks to live . Couple have now brought forward the wedding and will marry in hospital .


Interest in the hit BBC series Poldark has given Cornwall 's tourism and housing market a boost . Estate agents said they have seen a rise in interest from fans who are interested in purchasing a second home . Beachfront property near Portreath has seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms .


justin braddock, 34, was found unconscious in the front seat of a car in florida . patrick o'melia, a deputy with the volusia county sheriff's office, gave him cpr . braddock had injected a large amount of heroin that day, it was claimed . mr o'melia spent seven minutes giving braddock cpr and he revived him . braddock was taken to hospital but fled without a thank you .


move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company . microsoft will release new programming tools for developers to adapt their apple and android apps to run on devices that use the new windows 10 operating system . new operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever' .


Suspect Kenneth Morgan Stancil claimed he killed Ron Lane because the college employee made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother . The murder suspect gave himself fascist face tattoos . Stancil also said he is a neo-Nazi who is concerned about the future of white children and hates ` race-mixing '


Piper Kulk , 8 , died on Sunday morning , while her brother William , 9 , died in hospital on Sunday evening . Their grandmother , Helen Boddy , 54 , aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute on the NSW Central Coast on Saturday . All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred . The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles .


Around 200,000 people were deported to the Nazi camp in northern Germany during World War Two . British soldiers took over the camp on April 15 , 1945 and found tens of thousands of dead bodies . Their intervention came just two months after diarist Anne Frank , who was held at the camp , died .


The video shows people throwing chairs and stanchions . Friday was the grand opening of Fat Tuesday at the casino . Three men have been arrested .


Charles Severance , 54 , has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning , Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato , in Alexandria , Virginia . All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks . Prosecution said Severance 's writings linked the murders to a bible passage called ` Parable of the Knocker ' It said : ` The last scream of a victim echoes to


Nutritionist Sarah Flower recommends vitamin-rich foods we should eat . Vegetables retain more nutrients when you steam , stir-fry or eat them raw . Eating the correct portions of these foods will ensure good health .


Brazilian teams are on alert because of a dengue fever outbreak . The mosquito-borne disease has already affected some top clubs . Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero one of three players diagnosed .


Roland Martin: I was 12 when things turned in Miami. He says riots in the 1960s were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots spread. He says the biggest catalyst for the waves of riots was police action.


Jonathan Crombie is best known for playing Gilbert Blythe in `` Anne of Green Gables '' Book , movies about girl sent to live on Canadian farm .


Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings . Chris Coleman 's side beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier . They have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath 's men in 1993 . England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in Italy last month . Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot


Sydney cafe Lowenbrau Keller has released an advertising campaign which features the slogans ` Wunderbra ' , ` Make Mein a Dubbel ' and ` Haus Party ' The campaign has been slammed by activist group Collective Shout as objectifying women and opening staff to sexual harassment . Lowenbrau Keller 's parent body said that the ads use ` fun play-on words ' to portray of the typical Bavarian cultural experience of Oktoberfest . The eatery has further been slammed for directly comparing the serving size of food and drinks and the size of women 's breasts . The same group withdrew a campaign last year comparing women to meat using the slogan ` We 've got the best racks '


A dog owner found cocktail sausages laced with poison when walking pet . The clutch of sausages were hidden among the grass on the Cuckoo Trail . Each sausage packed with so much poison one could have killed a dog . Sussex Police is warning dog owners about spate of poisonings in the area .


Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness . Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication . Most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to £ 5,000 to have both eyes corrected .


Thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent . He crawled on the floor ` like a snake ' to avoid triggering infrared security beams . burglar stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up the shaft and escaping in a 4x4 .


Chelsea midfielder Oscar hopes that winning the Premier League title can kick-start a period of dominance in England. Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal, who they play at the weekend. Oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.


Kayahan wrote some of Turkey 's best-loved pop songs . The singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 . He most recently performed in February in Istanbul .


monaco coach leonardo jardim claims juventus are a better team than arsenal . arsene wenger refused to shake jardim's hand during champions league exit . arsenal have won their last eight games in the premier league .


Carlos Colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty to assault and improper disposal of a human body on Monday after the remains were found near his building . He was seen walking to his apartment in Cambridge , Massachusetts with the victim , Jonathan Camilien , hours before the remains were found . Colina also has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him after he ` attacked a man at his gym and left him bloodied ' Witnesses said Colina had been intimidating other gym users for months .


Pierre Fulton was in the car with Scott during their traffic stop . He was being searched by an officer as Michael Slager shot Scott dead . In a statement , he pays tribute to Scott , says he does n't know why he ran . Audio has surfaced of Michael Slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting . Walter Scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away on April 5 . Slager has been charged with murder after cell phone footage of the incident emerged which contadicted the initial police report . The audio of Slager talking with a senior officer at the scene was picked up the damcam in his vehicle which had been recording the initial incident .


Michael Olsen , 52 , abandoned his car after ploughing into a traffic island . He was confronted by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson but pulled out gun . PC Bird lunged at Olsen in bid to save colleague but was shot in the hand . Olsen claimed gun was toy but found guilty at Inner London Crown Court .


Joe Calzage was holidaying in Barbados with his girlfriend Lucy . The couple swam in the sea and enjoyed a spot of jet-skiing . Calzaghe has been retired for seven years with a record of 46-0 .


Muhammad Naviede died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft crashed in field . The 60-year-old sent text to relative shortly before plane span out of control . Air Accident Investigation Branch investigation says message is ` unusual ' His daughter was on X Factor and brother entertained Cherie Blair at home . The father-of-two was jailed for nine years in 1995 for a £ 45million fraud .


More than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the University of Florida. They were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots.


SNP leader said predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family . Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not ` moaning ' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians ' have had to endure over their appearance . She also reveals her low-brow TV viewing habits , love of steak and chips and recent image makeover .


Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week . The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training last year . The 72-year-old had been at Bayern for almost 40 years . He is unlikely to return to the Bundesliga champions .


Chelsea are looking to beat Manchester City to sign Brazilian prospect Nathan. The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with his club Atletico Paranaense. He is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move to Stamford Bridge which would likely see him loaned out.


Viewers took to Twitter to argue over the colour of Nicola Sturgeon 's dress . Miss Sturgeon 's dress appeared blue in some lights and green in others . Others thought she was wearing a grey dress during last night 's debate . The first #thedress debate was sparked by Scottish student Caitlin McNeill .


Jeff Richmond spoke out about the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday. He is an executive producer on the show and the music composer. Richmond said he was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal.


A train headed from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday morning. The train's conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan, an MTA spokesman said.


DJ and model Munroe Bergdorf , 27 , from east London , was born a boy . Living as a woman from 18 and started taking hormones four years ago . Now speaks out to raise awareness of the issues of being transgender .


HSBC was ordered to pay £ 500 to couple for ` distress and inconvenience ' The banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the £ 250,000 loan . Bosses defended decision and argued it was ` entitled to apply maximum age policy '


Dele Alli is hoping to be selected to play for England Under 20s next month . The midfielder was signed by Tottenham in January for £ 5million . Alli was loaned back to former club MK Dons for the rest of the season .


The echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off Rye Beach , 83 km south of Melbourne . The spiny ant-eater is a popular surfing and fishing spot on Victoria 's Mornington Peninsula . According to Australia Zoo , the mammals are ` proficient ' swimmers .


`` The Late Show with David Letterman '' concludes May 20 . Letterman 's guests will include Oprah Winfrey and Bill Murray . Stephen Colbert takes over the slot September 8 .


liverpool have been given permission to install a fine mesh privacy screen at their melwood training ground . the club had grown concerned that confidential team details have been leaked out prior to matches . local residents wanted a designated area for fans to watch training and did not want a screen put up .


Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer. He will have a host of clubs after his services. Benitez was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012.


Ricky Gervais tweeted a photo of Rebecca Francis lying next to a dead giraffe . He asked , `` What must 've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? '' In the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times .


chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy's winner . jose mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the premier league .


Australian Fashion Report revealed the Australian-sold brands and companies that ignore the exploitation of their overseas workers . Lowes , Industrie , Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans , Portmans and Dotti - were some of the worst performers . Etiko , Audrey Blue , Cotton On , H&M and Zara had some of the best scores . 75 per cent of companies do n't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs .


Liverpool have only won one of their last five Premier League games. Brendan Rodgers must strengthen his squad before the new season. Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert could leave the club.


NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ` significant problem ' at many schools . Teachers are sworn at , kicked and punched while one had her arm broken . Deputy headteacher was restraining boy when she fell and fractured arm . Last year staff at eight schools refused to teach badly behaved pupils .


U.S. military does n't have further information to evaluate the Iraqi media reports . Al-Douri 's body arrives in Baghdad where DNA samples are taken . Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein 's regime to evade capture .


The Finnish military has dropped depth charges on a possible submarine . Its navy twice detected a foreign object within Helsinki territorial waters . The charges released were warning shots , about the size of hand grenades . Experts believe the object is likely to have been a Russian submarine .


Cordula Schacht is representing Hitler 's minister of propaganda Joseph Goebbels ` estate . She is suing publisher for royalties over biography that used extracts from his diaries . Diaries were used in Peter Longerich 's 2010 biography of the Nazi leader . Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK . German general counsel says paying such money would be


EPA says methyl bromide may have been improperly applied to various locations in Puerto Rico. The pesticide poisoned a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort in Cruz Bay, St. John.


The website has published three Chelsea kits with the incoming 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front. But perhaps most bizarrely, or interestingly from the perspective of Chelsea supporters, the alleged new kit can be bought with 'Bale 9' on the back. Bale's struggles at Real Madrid have been well documented, with fans and the Spanish media casting him as the man to blame.


Child has amassed thousands of Twitter followers with ` gang life ' photos . In one video he points gun at camera as adults look on unfazed . His tweets have prompted backlash with calls for intervention .


Gang of at least three poured gasoline on a car at South LA gas station . Before the fire was started , the gang attempted to rob the driver of his car . Two people were inside white Dodge Charger when it went up in flames . No one was hurt and LA Fire Department is investigating crime as arson .


Police are still attempting to locate suspect Jalin Smith-Walker , 19 . Video uploaded this week shows the teen getting into a fight with a fellow 19-year-old in a Muskegon , Michigan street . The fight takes a turn when Smith-Walker gets into her car and then runs over her victim before speeding off down the street . This is apparently Smith-Walker 's second arrest in recent months for a crime involving her car . In December , Smith-Walker was arrested for allegedly dragging a mall security officer with her car after he tried to stop her for shoplifting .


Puppy Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato , which means mixed breed or street dog . Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal .


Christine Bleakely and Frank Lampard have been together for five years . Bonding with daughters by model Elen Rivas has been a slow process . The TV presenter admits that becoming a step-mother is very delicate .


Memories pizza , in Walkerton , Indiana , has reportedly closed its doors . Move comes days after owners said they would not cater gay weddings . Restaurant 's webpage was attacked and owners received abusive calls . But supporters have donated $ 440,000 to the eatery via fundraising page .


the u.s. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance . the red cross opens a blood bank in kathmandu . hospitals are overflowing with patients and suffering from shortages .


Kyle Walker joins Hugo Lloris on Tottenham Hotspur sidelines . Jan Vertonghen a major doubt following illness . Alan Hutton , Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair likely to be absent . Carles Gil also set to miss out for Aston Villa but Aly Cissokho could return .


ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is wanted as a suspect in hit-and-run . the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to albuquerque police department . the 20-something woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries' if jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman .


Italian couple fined £ 9,000 for having noisy sex in San Martino apartment . Neighbours took them to court in 2009 over ` deafening ' sex session noise . Pair now ordered to pay damages to nearby residents for noise pollution .


Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 Olympics. The cushioned tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo. But there's no denying that the footpaths are extremely useful regardless.


Alison Saunders wo n't quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue ' Head of CPS decided against pressing charges against Lord Janner . She was persuaded against taking a case by the Labour peer 's dementia . She said : ` I thought long and hard and I 'm confident I got it right '


Manchester City defeated West Ham 2-0 in their Premier League clash . David Silva was taken to hospital after a challenge by Chiekhou Kouyate . Spain international has allayed fans ' fears with a Twitter message .


Fossilised cone snail shells found in Cibao Valley of Dominican Republic . In visible light they appear to be a plain white colour as the pigments faded . Under ultraviolet light , however , the vivid patterns and colours fluoresce . Scientists were able to reconstruct how the ancient species once looked .


united arab emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 rugby league world cup . sol mokdad, the president of uaerl, believes the country has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure to host the world cup . the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia, new zealand, france and great britain .


LaTasha Gosling , 27 , of Tisdale , Saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early Wednesday in Tisdale , Saskatchewan in Canada . Her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and her son Landen , 7 , were also discovered dead . Hours later police found Steve O'Shaughnessy dead at his residence , along with his and Gosling 's six-month-old baby , who was unharmed . Gosling 's family said O'Shaughnessy was controlling and was afraid Gosling would leave him for her husband , who she was separated from . O'Shaughnessy sent the photos a day before her husband 's birthday . Gosling 's friend said she had broken up with O'Shaughnessy recently .


Manchester United beat their rivals City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . It led to supporters claiming Manchester had been turned red once more . United had lost their four previous derbies against their great rivals City . Louis van Gaal appears to have turned United 's fortunes round this year . Sportsmail 's Ian Ladyman examines the issues after the fierce derby . READ : Five things Van Gaal has done to transform results at Man Utd .


West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park in the Premier League . Aaron Cresswell had put his side in the lead through a superb free-kick . Marko Arnautovic was ruled out for offside and Mame Diouf hit the post . Hammers boss Sam Allardyce lamented his side 's ` nerves and panic ' The Hammers remain in the top 10 despite late slip-up . Allardce said :


Homeowner Dick Rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills . The property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door . The 13,000-square-foot home is known as ` Il Podere '


Her bike 's front wheel was ` completely squashed ' under lorry in incident . Was pronounced dead at scene near Houses of Parliament this morning . Today 's incident follows four other deaths of cyclists in capital this year . Cycle campaigners have organised ` vigil and die-in ' at site on April 20 .


isco joined real madrid from malaga in the summer of 2013 . the 23-year-old midfielder rarely starts for the la liga giants . isco said he is not happy with his current situation at real madrid .


MicroCon 2015 is the first North American gathering of micronations . Places like Molossia , Westarctica and Vikesland will be in attendance . One country is the size of a football field , another is as large as Alaska . They print their own stamps , wave their own flags , and mint their own money . But most of their citizens do n't actually live on the land .


Charles Terreni , 18 , was found dead March 18 at a frat house in Columbia . Terreni was a USC freshman and a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha house . Coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning . Toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 . Neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .


Borrowing to buy has left UK more indebted than other developed nations . Britain and Portugal - which had to seek emergency funds - singled out . IMF 's Global Financial Report a stark reminder that recovery is still fragile . International body says increasing the housing supply must be top priority .


The young elephant tramples its mother while attempt to climb her . It then considers sitting on her before clambering off the other end . Throughout the entire ordeal the 22-year-old mother remains docile . video was captured by a visitor to Albuquerque 's ABQ BioPark Zoo .


prince abdul malik, 31, married dayangku raabi'atul 'adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah, 22, at istana nural iman palace in brunei . the couple exchanged vows in front of crowds of friends and family, nobility and foreign dignitaries . prince is the youngest child of the sultan, hassanal bolkiah, and is second in line of succession to become the next sultan of brunei .


Frida Ghitis : Pope Francis has reawakened my faith . She says it 's not because he opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church . It 's his tone . Ghitis says he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled , women and those of other faiths .


Brian Karl Brimager , 37 , was indicted by a grand jury in San Diego . Is accused of murdering clothing designer Yvonne Lee Baldelli in 2011 . Allegedly dismembered her body and disposed of it in a military backpack . Then engaged in an elaborate scheme to cover up the crime . Sent emails from her account to make people think she was still alive . He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .


Medhi Benatia was taken off against Bayern Leverkusen on Wednesday . The Bayern Munich defender will be out for between two and four weeks . Bayern face Porto in the Champions League on April 15 and April 21 . Benatia described his injury as an ` occupational hazard ' on Twitter .


Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest , most powerful rocket booster ever built ; the Space Launch System -LRB- SLS -RRB- Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS - will be 11 self-contained small satellites , each about the size of a large shoebox . The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid -LRB- NEA -RRB- Scout , using solar sail propulsion , will fly by a small asteroid , taking pictures and making observations . Meanwhile , BioSentinel will use yeast to detect , measure , and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms .


Italian model Ambra Battilana made the allegation in March. She said Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca Film Center office. She said the Hollywood producer asked if her breasts were real before touching them.


Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle.


Arsenal play Reading in FA Cup semi-final on Saturday evening . Chelsea kick off against Manchester United 10 minutes later . Wenger says ` something should be done ' and ` it is difficult to understand ' Arsenal manager also brands circus around Jurgen Klopp ` ridiculous ' Klopp announce on Wednesday he will leave Dortmund this summer .


Widow of a patient who died has defended GP at the centre of police probe . Yvonne Deegan 's husband Bernie died this year following cancer battle . She said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons . Her husband 's death is one of four being investigated as part of probe .


Former Australian captain died peacefully in his sleep at a Sydney hospice . He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November . Benaud had witnessed , as player and commentator , over 500 Test matches . Tributes flowed in to the legendary ` Godfather of cricket ' from all circles . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott offers his family a state funeral .


Justin Whittington , 23 , was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield , California , and charged with child cruelty . But following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 . On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be ` left out of this ' and was adamant there was more to the video than meets the eye .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , back in court today for start of defence case . Prosecutors last week urged jurors to push for the death penalty . But poll finds majority of Massachusetts residents want life imprisonment . Defence expected to suggest Tsarnaev was led astray by his older brother .


Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our daily beauty regimes . But a new generation of wipes promises to retexturise and brighten skin . Dr Nick Lowe and Lauren Libbert decided to put them to the test .


Sharon Edwards , 55 , was last seen on Saturday in Grafton , NSW . Son said his family were struggling to come to terms with disappearance . Eli Edwards said they need answers ` one way or another ' to get closure . Police are now treating the 55-year-old 's disappearance as a homicide .


Turnham Primary School demands pupils sign ` agreement ' before starting . Includes line asking children to ` refrain from using ... transphobic language ' Shocked parents say asking three-year-olds to sign agreement is ` bonkers ' Chairman of school 's governing body apologised for any offence caused .


Odion Ighalo scored the only goal of the game to earn Watford a 2-2 draw at the iPro Stadium. Darren Bent scored the only goal of the game to secure the win for Derby. Heurelho Gomes made a fingertip save from Richard Keogh's header.


Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran ; he 's also an American Samoan . Sam Erman and Nathan Perl-Rosenthal : It is outrageous that he and others like him are denied citizenship .


Common dolphins were once rare in the Hebrides , preferring warmer water . But their numbers have risen by 68 per cent over the last 12 years . Scientists believe this could be due to the waters warming by 0.5 °C . Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust is recruiting volunteers for monitoring .


Ankit Keshri was on the pitch as a substitute fielder having been 12th man . 20-year-old did regain consciousness after colliding with team-mate . Sachin Tendulkar is one of several stars to give his condolences .


Justin Welby comments follow Pope Francis 's denunciation of the killings . David Cameron used his Easter message to brand killings ` truly shocking ' 148 Christian students at Garissa University College were slaughtered . Three people have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack .


Pippa is said to have bought the baby a supply of biodegradable nappies . Shoppers in Geneva , Switzerland , spot her buying the mull-cloth nappies . The natural fibres mean the baby essentials do n't end up in landfill heaps . Likely to be a hit with new royal 's environmentally conscious grandfather .


Analysis of Google search results has revealed the areas in Europe and the United States most concerned with different sexually transmitted diseases . Herpes are a concern in Norway while Finland searches most for chlamydia . Mississippi searched for gonorrhea and syphilis more than any other state . While in the UK , chlamydia seemingly causes the most concern and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country .


`` X-Men '' original character Bobby `` Iceman '' Drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue . `` All-New X-Men '' No. 40 has psychic Jean Grey discovering Drake 's sexuality . Iceman has been in Marvel Comics for over 50 years .


Thomas Bjorn 's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round . American Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters . Ian Poulter was not happy with himself after carding an erratic opening round of 73 . 2014 Masters champion Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 .


jacob's creek tasters sampled 11 different types of wine with snacks . shiraz is best for a margherita pizza but a cabernet sauvignon with pepperoni . chardonnay goes great with pittas and hummus and merlot with chocolates .


While some have gone under the knife , these A-listers look effortless . Many have undergone style and hair changes , but look as young as before . Some celebrities like Jennifer Lopez still look the same after 16 years .


Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . Despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach .


Michael Slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday . His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes , that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place .


Amal Clooney , 37 , appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10am Thursday , accompanied by Laila Ali , the wife of the jailed politician , and Jared Genser , the founder of the organization Freedom Now . Nasheed , the Indian Ocean archipelago 's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to


england assistant coach andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up . ‘rugby is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up,' says farrell . england face fiji in the curtain-raiser on september 18 at twickenham .


Former first minister mocked Labour after Jim Murphy claimed he would write the party 's budget north of the border . He also joked that he would ` check his top pocket ' -- a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket . David Cameron and Boris Johnson joined forces to warn of a looming ` constitutional crisis ' They questioned the


Hotelier Danny Lambo said he wanted to buy Natasha Flynn an extravagant Easter present . The bespoke gift costs £ 10,000 to buy and costs £ 1,000 every time it 's filled with melted milk chocolate . The 37-year-old is renowned for his love of Lamborghinis and his luxurious lifestyle .


Brian O'Driscoll laments lack of money in the English game . The French league has become a honeypot for billionaires . Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup .


Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock boss on Friday . The club went unbeaten during Locke 's first six games in charge . The 39-year-old former Killie defender has paid tribute to his players .


William Tyrell was last seen in his grandmother's Kendall home in September last year. His parents made a plea for the toddler to be returned to them on Tuesday. Police have now revealed they believe the toddler may be alive.


Hampshire police launched hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August . The couple were found in Spain but released without charge . Freedom of Information request revealed staff and officers claimed # 12,712 . 97 in overtime over six days . A further # 1406 was spent on accommodation , # 792 on flights , # 132 on travel and parking ,


Former England ace Jason Robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide . The 40-year-old was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage during his early days at rugby league club Wigan . Robinson scored for England in the 2003 World Cup final victory against Australia . He credits former team-mate Va ` aiga Tuigamala with turning things around .


The Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry in Nottingham . Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured . Witness said : ` The bloke looked absolutely distraught . It was obviously his pride and joy ' Police said there were no life-threatening injuries .


Seth Casteel 's new book , Underwater Babies , will be released on 7th April . He photographed 750 babies in swimming classes across ten states . The pictures show the babies as they explore the underwater world . Castel hopes to promote water safety for babies .


Steve Tempest-Mitchell , 56 , from Bradford , lost 16st after gastric bypass surgery . Former bomb disposal expert said he was almost a recluse when he was at his biggest . As he got older , he began to struggle with his weight thanks to a lifestyle of long-haul flights , business meetings and boozy evenings spent entertaining clients .


heidi bretscher, 28, was on pace to run her best time ever when she got lost . the rock n' roll raleigh marathon was held earlier this month .


Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . Marouane Fellaini gave the Red Devils a 2-1 lead with a header . Ander Herrera has been in impressive form for Louis van Gaal 's side . The Spaniard is now a key cog in United 's well-behaved side . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .


The Siezen family's moving house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. The vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko. The house meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck.


Louis Jordan , 37 , sailed out of a marina in Conway , South Carolina , on January 23 , and had n't been heard from since until a German boat saw him clinging to the hull of his sailboat on Thursday . A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted him to a hospital in Norfolk , Virginia . He was in good


New Zealand zoo is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.


Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties . subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant . Mr Cameron is also expected to promise to link the minimum wage to increases in income tax allowance .


Dundee face rivals Dundee United in the derby on Wednesday night . United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions . But Hartley is not reading in to their troubles as Dundee themselves stutter . Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves going into the game .


Jacksonville Jaguars will get a UK fan to announce their NFL draft picks . Their sixth and seventh round selections will be revealed live on television . It will be the first time part of the NFL draft has taken place outside the US .


Boston Marathon takes place Monday , two years after bombing , and sentencing phase of trial begins Tuesday . Kayyem : It was n't the Puritan ethic but good disaster response that kept the marathon bombing from being even worse .


Young girl in Gardena , California , disappeared from car wash at 4.55 pm . Discovered sitting alone in parking lot outside burger restaurant at 7 pm . Police searching for driver of white Nissan Altima with tinted windows .


Both William and Kate appear to be relaxed about baby 's imminent arrival . The two were spotted shopping in Kensington and Chelsea this week . The Duchess bought a basket of goods for Prince George from Zara Home . And Prince William bought £ 800 of jumpers and jeans from Peter Jones .


Katie Price still regularly checks Kieran Hayler's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out. She also fears that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction. Kieran famously cheated on Katie with not one, but two of her best friends.


Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion died in 2011 after a hazing ritual aboard a bus . A jury convicted the last three defendants of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death .


Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 , with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring five goals . The Portuguese forward now has 36 goals this season in La Liga . That league tally is more than the totals for 53 of Europe 's top 98 teams . Nine teams in the Barclays Premier League have fewer goals this season .


The FDA may take a more hands-on approach to regulating homeopathic medicine . It does not go through the same approval process as over-the-counter drugs . Some studies suggest homeopathic medicine is no more effective than placebos .


Sienna Miller , 33 , is ` not a gym person ' but loves yoga . Mother-of-one works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging . Try hip rolls , a Pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles .


Camellias are easy to grow , but picky about soil . If yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive in alkaline or neutral ground . If your soil does n't suit , plant in containers in ericaceous compost . Potted camellias wo n't last as long as those in the ground . They tend to lose their youthful charm after five or six years , but


Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is missing for game against Newcastle . Brendan Rodgers says he will be monitored ahead of FA Cup semi-final . Liverpool face Aston Villa at Wembley Stadium on Sunday afternoon . Rodgers also said he believes the race for the top four is not over yet .


arkansas gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he won't sign a new religious freedom bill that his state legislature sent him on tuesday . hutchinson is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act . critics say the 1993 act better protected the rights of gays and lesbians . hutchinson's son seth signed a petition asking him to veto the bill .


russian night wolves banned from entering poland for world war ii memorial ride . polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves . group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday at border crossing . poland is extremely critical of russian actions in ukraine .


Disgruntled flyers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers . The photographs show people with less than desirable habits on planes . Images are submitted anonymously by passengers and flight attendants . The images were posted on an Instagram account Passenger Shaming .


Confessed to Dr. Phil that she is struggling with alcohol in emotional interview . Spoke about her arrest on April 16 when she was taken into custody at the Beverly Hills Hotel for a ` drunken incident '


Scottish PFA chief believes retrospective action is too far reaching . Rules were changed after an incident between Gary Deegan and Gary Irvine . There was clamour to see action taken against Josh Meekings after a handball in the Scottish Cup semi-final that was missed by the referee .


Taliban militants have lavished praise on their enigmatic supreme leader . Described jihadi 's intense love of his family and RPG missile launchers . Biography was officially said to have been released in celebration of Mullah Omar 's 19th year as leader of the Afghan Taliban . But it was also a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of ISIS . Several Afghan Taliban members have defected to ISIS in recent months .


The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four . To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $ 31,525-before taxes-and assets valued at less than $ 2,000 . It is part of a broader welfare law taking effect in July that Brownback and his allies say is aimed at moving


The Manchester derby is crucial in the race for the Premier League top two . Under-pressure Manuel Pellegrini ca n't afford to lose the clash . The performances of Sergio Aguero and Wayne Rooney will be important . Man United can open up a four-point gap if they beat their bitter rivals . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .


Australia 's ` tiny hearts ' approach to stopping the boats should be copied by Britain . Controversial columnist Katie Hopkins wrote that Tony Abbott 's policy was effective and like ` an Aussie version of sharia stoning ' ` Australians are like British but with balls of steel , can-do brains , tiny hearts and whacking great gunships ' She calls those on board migrant boats ` cockroaches built to survive a nuclear bomb ' It came as more than 900 people were feared drowned on a sunken fishing boat headed for Italy .


Daniel Sturridge appeared in a promotional video for BT Sport . He was joined by comedian Darren Farley , who impersonated Michael Owen . Farley 's impression of the former Reds striker left Sturridge giggling . Liverpool take on Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday .


Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey , both 19 , went into remission around same time . They then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams 's bald head and another of Miss Versey 's chest scar . But these were reported for being ` offensive ' by someone who knew them .


Susan Monica , from southern Oregon , allegedly killed two handymen living on her pig ranch . Defense lawyer Garren Pedemonte said Monica shot the first victim in self-defense and the second as a kind of mercy killing . Monica claimed she shot Robert Harry Haney , 56 , to put him out of his misery because she found her pigs already feeding on him .


Flamur Ukshini , 23 , has almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page . The Kosovo university student is in his final year studying business in Pristina . He has an uncanny resemblance to One Direction singer Zayn Malik .


Madonna 's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ` dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering . Rihanna carried not one , but two gun themed bags while out for dinner in Santa Monica last autumn .


Police made the discovery as they searched the home of Bruno Fernández . The 32-year-old has been arrested over disappearance of his former lodger . Neighbours say he used to sacrifice live animals in apparent satanic rituals . Landlord seen being led away from home in Madrid suburb of Majadahonda .


Concierge service Bluefish are offering dives to journey to the magnificent ship on the Atlantic floor . The unique experience will let you see the famous grand staircase along with many other rooms and areas . The dives form part of valuable research , with data being relayed to scientists worldwide . So far 40 people have done the service compared to over 500 people visiting space .


Sarah Weatherill , 31 , from Coventry , became addicted to Red Bull in 2009 . She drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic , depressed and anxious . The law student spent £ 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink . She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure . But she claims she has been cured of her addiction by hypnosis .


rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in new brunswick, new jersey, for the rest of the spring semester . the move follows several alcohol-related problems this school year, including the death of a student . under the ban, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol .


Dimitri Harrell , 21 , allegedly shot dead fiancée Samirria White , 19 , at Minnesota home . Allegedly pulled out gun and pointed it at couple 's three-month-old daughter . Carrying baby , he then shot Miss White in face at close range , according to police . When medics arrived at scene , they pronounced the young mother dead . Now , Harrell has been charged with one


Roxanne Jones : Jury right to find Hernandez guilty , but the waste of life for player and his victim is tragic . She says NFL , Patriots knew his troubled past , but could not have predicted his actions , and both handled case well .


Victims were found inside home in Princess Anne , Maryland , Monday afternoon . Dead children range in age from six to 16 and were all brothers and sisters . Relatives named the adult victim as 36-year-old Rodney Todd Sr. . Todd and his children - five daughters and two sons - had not been seen or heard from since March 28 . Grandmother named the children as Cameron , 13 ; Zycheim , 7 ; Tynijuiza , 15 ; Tykira , 12 ; Tybree , 10 ; Tyania , 9 ; and Tybria Todd , 6 .


Boris Johnson to move centre stage in Tory election campaign next week . London Mayor to make a high profile joint appearance with David Cameron . Comes amid surprise he was not at the Tory manifesto launch this week .


Ben Affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his ancestry . As DailyMail.com first revealed , producers agreed to the actor 's demand and cut the segment from the program . ` I did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . I was embarrassed , ' he wrote on Facebook . PBS has launched an internal investigation into whether or not Finding Your Roots violated their editorial standards by allowing this request .


jordan henderson wants a new £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool . the club's vice-captain is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract and is yet to sign an extension . henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week . sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million-per-year will be enough for henderson to stay at anfield .


The new footage was revealed in a paper in Nature Communications led by Dr Haimin Wang from the New Jersey Institute of Technology . In the video , twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis , and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare . It is hoped the study could help increase understanding on how they form .


England suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice match in Saint Kitts. Stuart Broad slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle. England's captain Alastair Cook was forced to leave the field with a foot injury.


Patrick Cherry will appear on NBC New York on Friday night to apologize . He has been stripped of his badge , will be placed on desk duty before being transferred out of the NYPD 's Joint Terrorism Task Force division . Cherry was investigated by the Civilian Complaint Review Board after an Uber passenger recorded meltdown . ` No good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference Wednesday . Cherry was reportedly on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital . The Uber driver ` honked ' at Cherry as he pulled into a parking space without signalling .


Amanda Butler , 42 , had normal pregnancy until waters broke at 25 weeks . Son Callum was born weighing just 1 lb 9oz and needed much treatment . She was later told common infection , bacterial vaginosis , was to blame . Affects a third of women and is often mistaken for thrush , but can cause fertility problems , miscarriage , premature labour and raise the risk of STDs .


Leicester City hero Jamie Vardy believes the Foxes deserve to stay up . Vardy pounced late to earn Leicester all three points at the Hawthorns . Leicester have been bottom of the Premier League table since November . But two successive wins have given them genuine hope of survival .


Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met and were married during WWII . He was a sergeant in the RAF police while she worked as a driver for ATS . The ` inseparable ' couple settled in Broughton near Chester to raise family . They died last month within two days of each other at the ages of 94 and 95 . Their marriage was described as ` greatest true love story ' at joint funeral .


Carey Mulligan 's grandmother suffers from Alzheimer 's disease . Margaret Booth has struggled to recognise her grandchild for eight years . Mulligan , 29 , has urged for greater awareness of the illness in society .


Recent patent filing shows plans for an ` upright ' sleeping support system . Encased in a backpack , the cushions allow the passenger to lean forward . A breathing hole in the face pillow ensures extra customer comfort . Boeing says : ` We are n't providing any further information or comment '


` Why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , OK ? ' he asked TODAY 's Savannah Guthrie as she tried to corner him Wednesday morning . Paul unleashed on on a female CNBC anchor during a line of questioning he considered ` slanted ' ; he shushed her and told to ` calm down a bit ' ` I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters . I 'll own up to that , ' he now concedes . Admission summed up the freshman lawmaker 's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a day that also included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion . Paul declared that she seems to be ` OK with killing a 7-pound baby '


The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients . It claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them . The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin .


us alcohol regulators approve plans for beer brewed from human waste . sewage treatment firm will treat effluent before handing it to microbrewers . ten barrels of beer will be made and it won't be available in shops .


Charles Collins , 28 , saved elderly Alfred McNamee after he fell onto tracks . Leaped onto rails at subway stop in Philadelphia and helped him escape . Identity was revealed this week after Wednesday rescue . Collins visited McNamee , who has several broke bones , in hospital .


Norwegian vets criticise EU regulations on treatment of organic fish . First line of treatment for organic fish should be homeopathic remedy . Vets call directives ` scientifically illiterate ' , saying it delays real care . British vets say use of homeopathy could lead to serious health detriment .


Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare . He accused Ed Miliband of having ` some brass neck ' by attacking Tories . Mr Cameron said he wanted to ` make hard work pay ' unlike Labour . He said that work rather than benefits is the best way to avoid poverty . The Prime Minister announced 600,000 new childcare places today .


Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of teachers in the U.S. . to student race . They found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought are white . The researchers found that racial stereotypes had little impact on the teachers ` views of the pupils after one infraction . However , the second piece of misbehaviour


Dan Klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah , New Jersey . Police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it . But he fell over in the process , leaving his left heel exposed .


Christian Eriksen was spotted with girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen . The pair were pictured enjoying a kiss in outside in Soho , London . The Tottenham midfielder has been dating Kvist for almost three years . Eriksen played the full game as Spurs lost to Aston Villa on Saturday .


mass murderer peter sutcliffe is to be moved to a cushy priory unit . the yorkshire ripper has spent more than three decades in broadmoor . but he is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse . he said he no longer hears the 'voices from god' which he blamed for killing spree .


chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle in argeles-sur-mer, france . he took his wife, catherine, and children, joe and anna, on a family holiday . chris says he should have thrown the children into bed first thing in the morning .


Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving Harry Kane 's involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship . Sportsmail understands Tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer . England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in the Czech Republic .


Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season -LRB- 21 years and 251 days -RRB- Tottenham Hotspur could not steal the win at Turf Moor against relegation-threatened Burnley . Mauricio Pochettino 's side failed to take advantage of Liverpool 's loss in the race for the top four . Tottenham are now seven points adrift of Manchester City in fourth but have played a game more .


scientists from the university of connecticut say animals are most at risk in south america, australia, and new zealand . another group of researchers has added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns marine animals near north america, antarctica and new zealand are most likely to die out . if future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2% .


Matej Vydra opened the scoring with his fifth goal in seven matches . Watford could not hold on after Marco Motta gave away a penalty . He was shown a straight red card and Darren Bent scored the spot kick . In the second half , Tom Ince scored to complete Derby 's comeback . Watford were n't finished though , and Odion Ighalo levelled at 2-2 .


A new Reddit thread asked users to submit their experiences . Many men were disappointed with their mail-order brides . Meeting a woman this way can cost up to $ 50,000 -LRB- £ 32,700 -RRB- or more .


papamoa beach, a popular bay of plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore . onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler . before long the shark had seen enough and turned back out to sea .


Cate McGregor was introduced on ABC 's Australian Story by Prime Minister Tony Abbott . Ms McGregor , now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force , spent 40 years in the Army , most of them under the name Malcolm . In 2012 , after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs , McGregor stopped ` functioning ' as a man and chose to live as


Esteban Cambiasso gave Leicester City the lead in the 12th minute at the King Power Stadium . West Ham United equalised in the 32nd minute through Cheikhou Kouyate . Andy King scored the winner in the 86th minute from two yards out .


brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to win the ana inspiration . lincicome carded a closing 69 to win the california tournament . the 29-year-old leapt into poppie's pond for the second time .


Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . The young rider from Kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's antics . To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online .


New study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera. The dinosaur was named after its discoverer, O.C. Marsh.


Workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout . Strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout . CGT said 90 per cent of staff at Paris 's Eiffel Tower had voted to strike . Signs were placed at the foot of the tower warning that the landmark was closed . There are an average 25,000 ascents at the


Aer Lingus flight left Dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land at 9.20 am . 120 passengers were on board the flight from Dublin to Vienna . The incident happened an hour after two Ryanair planes collided .


Nicola Sturgeon said of independence vote : ` We have always said it 's a once in a generation thing ' But last night she said she respected last year 's result and said she would not call for another plebiscite . She said : ` I ' m offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister . I do n't want to see Tories in Downing Street ` Scottish


Adam Leheup ran Fitness 535 in Columbia , South Carolina and was a devoted youth ministry teacher and worked as a property manager . Her husband Benji was just minutes behind when she collapsed and was rushed to a hospital , where she died for reasons that remain unclear . Glover was an avid fitness fan who , only just a month ago had run the Myrtle Beach marathon .


Kate Middleton is preparing to give birth to her second child this week . The Duchess of Cambridge is already mother to Prince George , one . A parenting expert tells FEMAIL how to cope with two children under two .


Elizabeth Dawes , 39 , was told she had grade three breast cancer in July 2013 . Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy . But four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients , and she 'd never had cancer . The mother-of-one was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital . The hospital has admitted liability for the misdiagnosis and unnecessary surgery performed .


Alice Kovach-Suehn , 56 , from Apopka , was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect . Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89 lbs . The 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces '


Chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22 , 1915 . On Tuesday , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .


The network has reportedly greenlit the tell-all . Lifetime previously did an unauthorized movie on `` Saved by the Bell ''


gemma, 34, has expanded range for plus-size retailer evans . showcased new designs at flagship store in manchester . says her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel confident .


Darren Stanton has become the UK 's top human human lie detector . The former police officer has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming -LRB- the study of body signals -RRB- . Appeared on ITV 's This Morning , he managed to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were fibbing . He also appeared in a video clip catching out


Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee surrendered to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant on April 9 , 1865 . The surrender in Appomattox , Virginia , is considered a milestone event in the ending of the Civil War . Re-enactors gathered in Appomattax for a re-enactment of the Battle of Appomattox Courthouse .


An Amnesty International report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in Afghanistan to be investigated . The report examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials . Some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk .


Wave of deadly anti-immigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in South Africa . Immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities . `` How am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? '' says one man .


The runaway success of Furious 7 shows no signs of slowing down as the high-octane action movie enjoyed its third winning weekend in a row at the domestic box office . The fast car sequel , starring Vin Diesel , has raced to number seven on the list of highest grossing movies in just three weeks and is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks .


Nearly one in four teenagers are ` almost constantly ' online . Some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices . Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day . Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it . Study was carried out on 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 . The


Former Hewlett-Packard CEO reportedly will enter presidential race May 4 . Her spokeswoman , though , says it 's an unconfirmed rumor . Fiorina would join three senators in the Republican nomination fight and balance Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton . Fiorina says she can take Clinton 's edge as a woman off the table .


The retail scene is changing too with Macy 's due to open soon . An opera house is being built in the Lagoons area . Several trendy art galleries have appeared .


michael carrick and daley blind both limped off against manchester city . marcos rojo and phil jones also out of saturday's clash with chelsea . wayne rooney may play in holding midfield role against jose mourinho's side .


Tommy Schaefer , 21 , and Heather Mack , 19 , were found guilty of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack in August . The American helped her boyfriend stuff her mother 's body into a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in Bali . Schaafer had claimed he killed his girlfriend 's mother in self-defense after an argument over their relationship . Mack told the court her mother had threatened to kill


manny pacquiao and his team arrived in las vegas on monday night . pacquiao had been training in los angeles at trainer freddie roach's wild card gym . roach's boxing club is situated next to a chinese baptist church . mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled boxing club in las vegas .


Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation at five-years-old . Eight-year-old 's work rate is relentless in the 40-second long video . Shows no sign of tiring as she unleashes combination punches .


The mother-daughter duo dined at Lupa in the Greenwich Village Saturday . The enjoyed a five-course Italian lunch of pasta , salad , meat and cheese by the restaurant 's owner , Mario Batali . Michelle was in New York this week launching an interactive online map to encourage people to join their local ` Let 's Move ' program . Mother 's Day is May 10 .


Cheesy slogans could be detrimental to pupils , a researcher claimed . Carl Hendrick said glossy notices are often ` reductively misinterpreted '


20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County , north of Denver . Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . Miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway .


dr. derek shepherd dies on "grey's anatomy" he was played by patrick dempsey .


Wales climbed to 22 , their highest-ever position in football 's world order , in the April rankings to move within eight places of England . Chris Coleman 's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France should they beat Belgium in June . Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott , Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground .


UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago . 125-mile-wide -LRB- 200 kilometers -RRB- Chicxulub crater created by an asteroid .


Cesc Fabregas had his nose broken in a challenge with Charlie Adam . Chelsea midfielder has travelled to Italy to have a protective mask fitted . The Spaniard will wear guard branded with his initials and squad number . Ortholabsport have also made masks for Petr Cech and Fernando Torres .


chris evans and jeremy renner apologize for comments . evans called black widow a slut . renner said she's a whore .


Director of television wants sci-fi series to be turned into film . Emails show creative team reluctant to rush for fear it could flop . Messages were among 173,000 hacked by North Korea .


William Kerr , 53 , was convicted of murdering Maureen Comfort . He was released from prison in January but has now disappeared from approved premises in Hull . Crimestoppers offer £ 5,000 to find Kerr , who is believed to be in London .


Rory McIlroy will complete his career Grand Slam at Augusta . Englishman Ian Poulter was so excited to get started that he forgot his golf clubs . Henrik Stenson of Sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a flu . Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament . The Masters Tuesday saw the 80th anniversary of the most famous shot


nsw social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . from a boat parked between two cars to a man using his umbrella as a sail, sydneysiders are seeing the funny side of the storm . snapchat's sydney story also shows the soaking conditions endured by the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs .


Hayley Okines , from Bexhill , had the premature ageing condition progeria . The disease ages the body - but not the mind - at eight times normal rate . Gives sufferers the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness , arthritis and heart problems . Hayley defied odds to live 4 years longer than expected and died yesterday .


Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician. He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane.


Woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel . Another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding ' East of England ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .


aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 in the fa cup final at wembley on sunday . jack grealish and fabian delph both impressed for villa . tim sherwood's side face burnley in the fa cup final on april 25 .


John Truong of Renton , Washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy Ronnie Tran at his house Tuesday . Sister Alyssa Chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night . While scanning Facebook the next morning , Truong read an Amber Alert issued for the boy and then called police . Truong 's sister was arrested for kidnapping Tran and his mother , with the help of the toddler 's grandmother , 65-year-old Vien Nguyen . Nguyen later turned herself into police for questioning . The motive for the abduction has not yet been released .


Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom 's brother lost control of the gun at a reception in the capital Riyadh . Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia . Despite government efforts to stop it , the dangerous practice lingers on .


Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence . The 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal . The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .


Jonathan Trott out after three balls , caught by Darren Bravo at slip . Trott is playing his first Test for over a year after stress-related illness . Warwickshire batsman was promoted to open , but failed in first innings . Follow the first Test live HERE .


Copper inside the battery reached temperatures of at least 1,085 °C -LRB- 1,985 °F -RRB- This caused jets of molten material to burst from its vent . The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded . It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London .


3,118 applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida , Gainesville . But after receiving acceptance notices , they realized there was a condition . Students had to agree to spend their entire first year taking online classes . Classes are part of new program Pathway to Campus Enrollment , or PaCE . They aim to accommodate more students at flagship college , officials said .


dave king won 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to rangers board . king required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012 . the south african-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the sfa to pass him as ‘fit and proper’ .


Vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage . ULA 's plan is to skip returning the whole booster , an approach favoured by rival SpaceX . It hopes to separate the engines after launch , inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to grab them mid - air .


The five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities . They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future .


Mamamia used a photo of Wilson on a story about orthorexia nervosa . The I Quit Sugar author and wellness blogger complained to the website . They have apologised and removed her photo from the story . ` The choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal , ' Mamamia said . Wilson was pictured alongside controversial blogger Belle Gibson . Paleo preacher Pete Evans 's photo was also used in the article . In 2013 Mamamia 's founder Mia Freedman called Wilson ` obsessed '


mikel arteta set to miss saturday's fa cup semi-final against reading . spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem . arsene wenger keen to retain the services of arteta, who is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension .


Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges. She also declined to send a lawyer in her place. The panel has been told Ms Ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between February 2004 and September 2013.


Jordon Ibe to put pen to paper on a new long-term deal at Liverpool . The 19-year-old broke into the first team before falling injured . Ibe has been out since February after damaging his knee ligaments . The youngster could make a return against Newcastle on Monday . Brendan Rodgers concedes that Daniel Sturridge will not rediscover his best form this season after a number of injury problems .


The trials of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Aaron Hernandez are coming to a close . Voting has put Rahm Emanuel and Ferguson , Missouri , back in the headlines . Rand Paul has announced his bid for the presidency .


Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell , Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . Police searched the car and seized 14 different substances . In addition to Brennan 's home , the Hingham condo of Benjamin Young was searched and bomb-making materials were also found . The relationship between the two men is not yet known , and authorities say there are no ties to terrorism and there was no intent to harm anyone . Brennan , who called himself an ` idiot ' after blowing up his car , was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday .


Username found after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home . Searched for information on ` bipolar ' disorder and ` manic depressive ' German aviation authority said it was never made aware of pilot 's illness . Officials told local media they only discovered problems after the crash .


the echidna was spotted at rye beach, a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria's mornington peninsula . the video of the swimming echidna was posted online by youtube user emma b . echidnas, like many native australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers .


Nicholas Dematteis , 39 , flew into a rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon . He demanded free meal around 4 pm because of slow service , police said . Witnesses said he spewed homophobic slur at a manager before grabbing him by the neck and slamming him into bar and hurling him into woman . He has been arrested and charged with assault following the incident .


The PM made the remark after carrying out a call-in on ITV 's This Morning . Host Philip Schofield announced that the next guest was a picket pocket . Cameron , who was off camera , overheard saying : ` Is that Alex Salmond ? '


Brazilian Ronaldo paid a visit to former club Real Madrid on Wednesday . Teen sensation Martin Odegaard posed for a picture with the former striker . The 16-year-old shared the snap on Instagram with the caption ` legend '


SNP leader says she will hold talks with Westminster parties after May 8 . First Minister is not standing for election and will not be in Commons . Vows to use Fix Term Parliament Act to ` change direction ' of government . Mandelson 's firm says the SNP will emerge as the winners of the election . TNS poll puts SNP up two points on 54 % , with Labour down two to 22 % .


Boeing 's ` Space Bins ' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments . They can hold six standard-sized bags -- two more than the current set-up . They have been tested by a group of ` frequent fliers ' who were hand-picked by Boeing . Boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times with larger overhead bins . Monarch Airlines and Thomson Airways have committed


West Ham are discussing a deal for Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford. The skilful 17-year-old forward from Montego Bay United was invited to train with West Ham's academy earlier this month. Beckford has been linked with a host of European clubs, but West Ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as £289.


Alastair Cook 's old failing against the full ball just outside off stump was again exploited by West Indies . BBC 's Test Match Special pundit Geoff Boycott questioned wisdom of Jonathan Trott returning to the England side . England recovered from a shaky start to end third day of first Test on 116-3 in their second innings , a lead of 220 .


A powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched for at least four people missing in the waters . Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier said that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause . ` It 's been a very tragic day , ' Michael Smith , with the Buccaneer yacht club . The identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .


London-based artist Jonty Hurwitz creates sculptures that are smaller than a human hair . They 're made using ultraviolet light and resin , and then photographed with an electron microscope .


Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover . According to authorities , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . Police said Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover , died at the scene . They said the investigation revealed that her husband , Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel , hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .


Two raiders tried to attack a jewellery shop in Wigan , Greater Manchester . They smashed in with an axe and sledgehammer but a brave employee managed to hold them back . Criminals escaped on a motorbike but witness caught them on camera . Police are now appealing for information to help them catch the raiders .


toddler fell into cheetah exhibit at cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived . witnesses claim the boy's mother was dangling him over the rail . zoo director dr christopher kuhar said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .


cnn's jeff zeleny says martin o'malley is using youtube to test hillary clinton . ap's lisa lerer says hillary clinton embraced obama's health care law .


Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho clashed during Arsenal 's 1-1 draw with Chelsea at the Emirates . The Gunners boss was glowing about his side 's ` creative team -LRB- with -RRB- amazing , fantastic solutions ' Thierry Henry was getting mildly bad cop / bad copped by Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness over Cesc Fabregas 's contention that ` if I was the boss I would tried to buy


wendy stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago . he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road . six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in margate, kent, 22 miles away from wendy's farm in west hougham . but with nothing else to go on, they decided to call every stokes in kent listed in the phonebook .


Richie Benaud , 84 , who died on Friday , revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment . The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen . Benaud had n't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries . But he had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning .


About a dozen Native American actors walk off a Sandler movie comedy. The script called for Native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath" and "No Bra" and an actress portraying an Apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe.


hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica . most of its body is a brilliant lime green, but the skin on its underside is see-through, making its organs easily visible . scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog, given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century .


Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney . FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying .


Frausters try and raise money off Stacey Eden 's high profile . Ms Eden stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a Sydney train . Daily Mail Australia published video of the incident on Thursday . ` All I want is good karma ' , Ms Eden said on social media . Bizarre fake profile said she had been inundated with offers of donations .


Jeremy Trentelman , 36 , of Ogden , Utah , built the box fort last week . The father , who works as a florist , received a letter from code enforcement officials . They said that ` waste material or junk ' such as tires or furniture in front yard violates ordinance .


Eloise Parry , known as Ella , died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills . The 21-year-old ` burned up from the inside ' after taking Dinitrophenol . DNP is a highly-toxic substance used as a pesticide in World War I . Her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .


sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in the studio . redknapp attempts to goad henry into a reaction in the early stages . henry remains cool as the pair collapse into giggles .


spain's queen letizia attended a rare childhood diseases conference in barcelona . the 42-year-old wore a white tailored suit with a blush-coloured silk top . she also wore a woven clutch, patent heels and her signature smoky eye .


Kevin Pietersen has returned to domestic cricket with Surrey . Axed England batsman will make his debut against Oxford University . KP has backed Michael Vaughan to lead overhaul England Cricket .


Pages written in Arabic have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting. refugees fleeing war and poverty. They are said to be advertising 'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.


Jessica Chastain and her boyfriend Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment at The Osborne on West 57th Street . Several residents claim to have dealt with spirits while living in the building . The ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski and architect Alfredo Taylor supposedly haunt the Osborne Apartments .


Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked , but might not be frequently cleaned . Festival-goers who attend outdoor concerts like Coachella are at risk to contract diseases like influenza and Norovirus .


Pierre Collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Edward Collins , 10 . Barway 's father , 33-year-old Pierre Collins , was in that area of the river at the time of the boy 's disappearance . A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Collins , who has been missing for nearly a month . Collins


barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on april 15 . brazilian neymar expects fireworks following barca's win over manchester city in the last 16 of the competition . neymar says psg match will prove a real footballing 'spectacle' .


WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . Kristen Lindsey of Brenham , Texas , believed the animal was non-domestic . Said the only good feral cat was one ` with an arrow through it 's head ' She then stated : ` Vet of the year award ... gladly accepted ' Local rescue center has since claimed the cat called Tiger was n't feral . Colorado State graduate has been fired from Washington Animal Clinic . Prosecutors now considering whether she should face criminal charges .


Inverness defender Josh Meekings prevented a goal-bound header from Celtic 's Leigh Griffiths with his hand during the Scottish Cup semi-final . He did not face any punishment in the match which Caley Thistle went on to win 3-2 after extra-time . Celtic have since complained to the SFA about the incident . A call to ban Meekings from the final will be contested by Inverness .


Scottish football coverage is at the mercy of Sky and BT 's schedules . Yet , Scottish football is never afforded the same precedence as England 's . The demand for Scottish football is nearing an all-time low .


Nicola Adams pulled out of the English National Championships . Olympic gold medallist was due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division . Adams had been due to fight Great Britain 's Lisa Whiteside on Sunday .


Mark Wahlberg is planning to appear in `` Patriots ' Day '' The film will be about events surrounding the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing . Another film , `` Boston Strong , '' is also in the works .


Bronze artefacts were found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Cape Espenberg, Alaska. Researchers believe those who lived at the site may be part of what scientists called the 'Birnirk' culture. The discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle.


Geraldine Schultz , 67 , was killed last week by vortex in town of Fairdale . Destructive tornado also picked up 1980 photo of her with husband , 84 . Photograph was carried 35 miles to Harvard , Illinois , where it was found . Found by Alyssa Murray , who posted online and was able to return it . The Tornado carried some items further - one family photograph was found 70 miles away in Racine , Wisconsin .


floyd mayweather will hold an open workout for the media on tuesday . the session will be streamed live across the world from 12am uk (7pm edt) mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .


Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike . There was one tornado in Florida and two tornadoes hit Colorado Thursday . Severe thunderstorms may take place in several states Friday and affect metropolitan areas , including Dallas and Houston . Storms could also happen in the South and along the Gulf Coast Saturday . Winds , tornadoes , and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday . The forecasts come after some parts of the country - including Ohio , New York , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Michigan - saw snow earlier this week .


Arsenal face Reading at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday . The Gunners won the FA Cup last season and are defending the trophy . Per Mertesacker feels they have become stronger since winning last year . The German defender will not allow complacency to creep in however .


Nigeria 's President-elect sends nation 's prayers to families of girls . World still expresses hope that the girls will return . Boko Haram controls a portion of northeastern Nigeria .


ISIS leadership is dominated by former members of Hussein 's Iraqi Army . Many joined the terror group in the insurgency after the fall of the dictator . U.S. had barred the men taking government jobs or drawing their pensions . Generals ' military experience has been key to the terrorists ' spread in Iraq . Their connections with oil smugglers also help ISIS raise £ 2 billion a year .


Jose Luis Gaya is a Spanish defender at Valencia who is on loan from Manchester City. The 19-year-old is expected to leave the La Liga side this summer. Gaya is not just an overlapper, he's very good off of both feet and can make runs inside to play through-balls or shoot.


` Soldiers ' were sentenced to death by Islamic Court ` for waging war on God ' Masked executioner beheads the men before wiping his blood-stained blade . Men and young children gathered to watch execution in ISIS-held al-Mayadin . ISIS has recruited ` hundreds of children ' from east Syrian city , experts claim .


Raheem Sterling , Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard are Liverpool 's top scorers in the Premier League this season with six goals each . Seventeen of 20 Premier League clubs have top scorers with more goals . Liverpool are paying for failing to properly replace goals of Luis Suarez .


Kamron T. Taylor , 23 , escaped from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. Wednesday . He somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . Authorities did n't learn of the escape until about 30 minutes later , when jail staff found the wounded officer , who is hospitalized in intensive care with head wounds . A $ 1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to Taylor 's capture .


Ross Barkley has been repeatedly linked with a move to Manchester City . Former City star Gareth Barry says his Everton team-mate is too young . The Toffees face Manchester United in the Premier League onSunday .


Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib-Dem grandee in the years before he died . Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having ` washed his hands ' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith .


Five members of Czech Roma family on trial for people trafficking . Prosecutors say victims were lured to UK under promise of better life but were ` treated like dogs ' Court heard they were sent to work at car washes and dog food factory . Police claim accused used ` threat of violence ' to force compliance .


Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January . Suspect stole officer 's car while it was running , according to prosecutors . Swett suffered broken arms , broken leg and severe head and neck trauma . Video of incident was played during preliminary hearing in court on Friday . Bogard pleaded not guilty to charges including murder , assault and theft .


` Significant ' ore deposit could herald the beginning of highland gold rush . Turkish mining giant and UK 's GreenOre look to make further exploration . Small community cautiously optimistic about find but wants to know more .


the ecb are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed paul downton . head hunters sport recruitment international will be expected to suggest some overseas candidates as well as the trio already in the frame . ukip leader nigel farage was spotted in the tory heartland that is the halford hewitt golf tournament played by public school old boys’ teams every april since 1925 at royal cinque ports and royal st george’s .


Kilcoy State School working with Queensland Health to improve situation . Professor Matthew Cooper urges parents to take vaccination seriously . The Infectious diseases expert says ` people have decided not to immunise ' There have been 86 confirmed cases in 2015 in area - 16 in the past week . Dr Cooper says parents must know the importance of vaccination .


The apparently painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. The method - one this journalist won't be road-testing - works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar.


Graffiti artists work through the night to repaint 30 telephone booths . Latest in series of Baymax-themed stunts as character craze sweeps China . Artists wanted to help burned-out Beijing residents feel less stressed .


Kentucky judge Olu Stevens is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple 's victim impact statements . Tommy and Jordan Gray and their three-year-old daughter were robbed at gunpoint at their Louisville home in 2013 by two African American males . Jordan wrote in her statement that her daughter is still ` in constant fear of black men ' At the sentencing for one of the men , Stevens accused the Grays of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter 's mind . ` Had the perpetrator been white , I doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations , ' wrote Stevens afterwards on Facebook . Friends and family of the Grays have accused Stevens of being racist and are calling for him to be fired .


Lydia Ko is seven shots behind leader Kim Sei-young . Ko had been aiming for a 30th consecutive under-par round . But the world No 1 could only finish on one-over par .


Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars . Mr Burnham accused David Cameron of failing to get tough on the Premier League despite a massive increase in its TV revenues during his time in power . The league puts # 168million into grassroots sport but this represents only a fraction of the # 5billion


Children star in new video from Oprah Winfrey 's OWN TV network . The youngsters explain how it feels to get angry and lose control . They then explain how mindfulness techniques help them calm down .


Jurgen Klopp announced that he will leave the club in the summer . Klopp has encouraged the players to ` keep smiling ' ahead of his departure . Borussia Dortmund have struggled this season and are 10th in Bundesliga .


Polish lady Goska was volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada . She bottle fed a one-year-old rescued jaguar called Perseu . The big cat sits with her and drinks with great enthusiasm . Volunteer said that ` with time he became my good friend '


Mitchell Keenan and his father Keith were evicted from their family home . They were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill . Mr Keenan 's toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated . WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .


Robert Penny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder nearly 24 years ago . Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland , Victoria on May 3,1991 . Also brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers was Claire Acocks . Penny called his late-wife 's sister , Ann Bryden , to further plead his innocence a day after facing court . He called and


the state's attorney's decision on whether to file charges will not be immediate . baltimore police commissioner: "we will continue to follow the evidence wherever it goes" freddie gray's family attorney: "i don't think that's going to happen based on the way the process works"


Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running . Bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft . The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial .


Virgin Atlantic is offering one free Facebook login for each passenger on its Dreamliner routes. The service is being offered on the 787 Dreamliner routes. The app will allow passengers to check in and share their location and photos with their friends and followers.


police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a catholic church in melbourne . a fire was started at st mary's catholic church in dandenong, at 2.15am on april 1 . the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile priest father kevin o'donnell .


Abu Khdeir 's name is on the memorial wall at Jerusalem 's Mount Herzl . His father and a terror victim advocacy group objected to his being included in the list . The Palestinian teenager was beaten and burned by three Israelis , authorities say .


Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control during the Masters . In the balance , he did it while maintaining a stable low back and integrated core strength as the foundation for expressing his swing mobility . Try these three yoga-based moves I use with my PGA clients to address the key areas of the swing . Start in a neutral


Paul Casey left the European Tour to get back into world 's top 50 . Former world No 3 is ` desperate ' to return to the 2016 Ryder Cup team . Captain Darren Clarke has said he wants Casey at Hazeltine next year .


Marla McCants , from Nashville , Tennessee , began rapidly gaining weight after her ex-boyfriend kidnapped her and held her hostage . The 43-year-old travelled to Houston , Texas , to meet with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan , but faced death after a blood clot moved to her lungs . The mother-of-three underwent gastric bypass surgery , but refused to get out of bed for weeks after the procedure .


Prosecutors say Aaron Hernandez was a "cold-blooded killer" Prosecutors say Hernandez killed Odin Lloyd. Hernandez's defense team says he is a victim of a "witch hunt"


Free app is available on Facebook , Android , iOS and on desktop browsers . It starts with four squares and asks you to identify the different shade . Board grows to up to 81 squares and differentiation is subtle each time . And a score of 31 or above is a considered a sign of ` great eyesight '


Ronaldo and Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty on Monday. Zinedine Zidane scored a hat-trick as his side lost 9-7 to AC Milan. The former Inter Milan and Real Madrid frontman had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.


He said some values in certain communities were ` totally unacceptable ' Comments come after sexual abuse by Asian men revealed in parts of UK . Javid said political correctness should not be a barrier to stopping abuse .


Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford . The clip , uploaded to YouTube , looks to have been taken after Sunday 's Manchester derby which United won 4-2 . A host of United greats , including Duncan Edwards , Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne , died following the disaster which saw their plane crash during a third attempt at a take-off in wintry conditions .


Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another person in 2012 . Prosecutors have said Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado . A judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial .


Nicole P. Eramo was ` deeply damaged ' by the article , she says , which portrayed her as the as ` the personification of a heartless administration ' Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to publisher Jann S. Wenner that the magazine has not done enough to make amends .


Researchers found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women . This may explain why boys are often seen as being more competitive . However , the researchers say that there can be a great deal of individual variability with some women showing greater competitive drive than most men .


Joanessa Clawson , 35 , her husband James , 38 , and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre , 68 , all face felony conspiracy charges . They ` set up the page claiming the couple 's three-year-old daughter had a heart infection after undergoing surgery and asked for $ 3,000 ' After other parents expressed their suspicions , Mrs Clawson ` provided them with the number of a nurse - which led to her own mother 's phone ' A teacher asked police to check on the girl and she was found to be well .


Brayden Travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing . His lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . His mother , Kelly Smith-Miller , shared a picture of him unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body . ` If my son 's story and picture can save one life or


Lawyers are fighting to stop Iranian child being sent back to Nauru . She is currently being held at a detention centre in Darwin . Lawyer John Lawrence says ` she might not be alive ' if she 's sent back . She wrote her name as her detention number and draws a disturbing self-portrait showing her mouth stitched up . Her family 's asylum claim could take three years to process .


The MoD accidentally published information on Falklands RAF base online . Mount Pleasant aerodrome is home to four Eurofighter Typhoon jets . Argentina is considering leasing 12 Sukhoi SU-24 bombers from Russia . The supersonic attack aircraft can carry 3,000 kg of bombs 650 miles .


Darron Gibson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with injury . Gibson has a metatarsal problem but will be back for pre-season . Roberto Martinez wants to extend his contract despite repeated injuries . Everton will likely rekindle interest in Tom Cleverley in the summer .


Evan Summerfield was born on November 3 last year and was four-months-old . He had a high temperature while staying with his great grandparents in Devon . The four-month-old had a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button . He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but doctors battled to save him . He was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after . His parents have been


Two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £ 13million . The beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views . The homes have been built on a 3,000 sqm plot , which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house .


15 animals escaped from a farm in Schodack in upstate New York on Thursday evening then crossed the river . They safely crossed roads and made it onto the Thurway which links up the major cities in the state . However authorities took the decision to gun them down because they posed a danger to the public . Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective .


Fullips device was created by Linda Gomez and her daughter Krystle . Works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus . Charlotte Griffiths puts the suction-thimble that is sold for £ 30 to the test .


Nigel Short said women are not suited to playing chess . The 49-year-old said women were ` hard-wired very differently ' He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match . Critics pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster .


Joel Burger and Ashley King have been engaged since October . Their engagement photo with a Burger King sign attracted , and the company offered to pay for their wedding .


Naughty Boy has come under fire after posting Zayn Malik 's music . The hit producer has been blamed for him leaving One Direction . But he is one of the biggest hit makers in the world . He has previously worked with the likes of Cheryl Cole and Leona Lewis . The 30-year-old launched his career after going on Deal Or No Deal . He won £ 44,000 in 2005 on the TV show hosted by Noel Edmonds .


Vera Baird donated # 500,000 to charity Victims First Northumbria . Ms Baird is a director of the charity which supports crime victims in her area . She is a co-director of charity alongside force 's Chief Constable Sue Sim . Last month Ms Baird boasted of securing funds for the charity . In an article on the charity 's website , she wrote : ` I become responsible for


tiger woods returned to action at augusta national on monday . the 39-year-old has not won a major since the 2008 us open . woods is returning from a self-imposed break from golf .


nicklas bendtner was dropped from the wolfsburg squad for sunday's game against schalke . bendtner turned up late for training on friday . wolfsburg boss dieter hecking said bendtner would have started the match if he hadn't turned up late .


Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage . State supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93 billion -LRB- # 3.3 bn -RRB- almond market . The state is in its fourth year of drought and has seen residents attack bottled water industry . Local residents are calling for Nestle to seize water from some of the driest areas . Almonds


Miriam González Durántez wore a colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central London tonight. Her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in blooms at the LDNY fashion show and WIE (Women: Inspiration and Enterprise) award gala at Goldsmiths' Hall.


one person dies in rural illinois after a twister rips through a hamlet . multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural midwest on thursday . hail stones the size of tennis balls fall on ashton, illinois .


Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby . Burnley boss insists he is enjoying the ` challenge ' at Turf Moor . Dyche ca n't understand why Arsene Wenger gets stick from Arsenal fans .


Lexy Wood , 13 , apologized after ruining Cinderella for Rebecca Boyd . Offended moviegoer , whose husband was recently laid off , approached teen after movie and said that she should be more considerate . They were ` loud , rude and obnoxious ' throughout the movie . Mother Kyesha Wood found out about behavior and searched for Boyd . She eventually found the mother after social media post went viral . Mothers now share a bond and families have had dinner together .


Jose Mourinho believes he is getting better in every aspect of his job . The Chelsea boss insists his problem is that he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media . The 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed . He was fined # 25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by


Angelique Kerber came from a set down to outmuscle Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday and win the Stuttgart Grand Prix for her second title of the season. Kerber, ranked 14th in the world, completed a memorable week where she beat top seed Maria Sharapova and sixth seed Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.


a victorian driver got a rude shock when a huntsman crawled out from under his door handle . the spine-tingling video was captured in wangaratta, northeast victoria . the video has already garnered over 100,000 views on social media .


Violet Pietrok was born with congenital facial malformation called frontonasal dysplasia . Only 100 cases of the condition have been reported . It caused a widening of her facial features , including nose and space between the eyes , making her vision more like a bird 's . Plastic surgeon made five different molds of Violet 's skull using 3D printer . Allowed him to plan the cuts and incisions he needed to make and helped him find solutions to problems during surgery .


This year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise. Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites. The bizarre collection includes a range of party underwear.


Ryan Skivington, 26, killed the pets in front of the girl's mother. He also assaulted his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston during the attack. The lightweight, who appeared at Blackpool Magistrates Court, admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.


New app , Honest , allows users to pose questions and remain anonymous . Users can post questions they 're too embarrassed to discuss with friends . Questions cover sexual dysfunction , secret crushes and family dilemmas . Other users weigh in with their advice about how to handle sensitive issue .


radamel falcao has yet to score against the top level premier league teams . the colombian forward was schooled by john terry at stamford bridge . falcao lost almost every key battle with chelsea's captain .


Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists . Some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . Tests suggest tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most . Apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay .


Belle Gibson, 23, said she made up her terminal cancer diagnosis. The founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly. Psychologist Jo Lamble said this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders.


west ham are close to signing jamaican starlet deshane beckford . the 17-year-old has impressed on trial at the hammers . beckford has been linked with a host of european clubs .


A new survey has revealed who Britons would like as their celebrity family . David Beckham was voted number one choice for father . Holly Willoughby was voted as the most desired mother . The survey also revealed we want Adele and Rhianna as our sister .


World No 5 Wozniacki watched a basketball game with NFL star J.J. Watt in Indianapolis on Monday. The game between the Duke Blue Devils and the University of Wisconsin's Badgers took place at the Lucas Oil Stadium in the city. The sporting ace participated in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign.


Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, was swimming with friends. He got into difficulty while swimming in Hampstead Heath pond, north London. Witnesses claim at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched.


The First Lady and her mom , Marian Robinson , dined at Lupa , a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street in New York 's Greenwich Village on Saturday . The two enjoyed a five-course Italian lunch before getting into a waiting SUV . Owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali described Michelle Obama as ` a happy woman ' The menu , priced at $ 65 per person , plus


Yulia Tarbath , 33 , continued regular workouts and raw vegan diet . Returned to starting weight of 8st just two weeks after birth . Baby daughter weighed 7 lb 5oz and Yulia says she 'd do it all again . Experts say leading vegan lifestyle is unhealthy during pregnancy .


The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland . They say more must be done to tackle alcohol problem with young people . The move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences .


Patient came to Ipswich Hospital after industrial accident in July 2012 . Pioneering Professor Ninian Peckitt performed surgery but was needed again when patient fell from hospital bed and his cheekbone was displaced . Colleague told to hold patient 's head as he applied ten punches like a boxer . Hearing heard the patient could have been blinded by force of the blows . Professor quit post days later and is now believed to be working in Dubai .


Grant Clarke , 45 , was left brain-damaged after a brain haemorrhage in 2012 . Concerned about his welfare , his family planted a secret camera in room . Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with misconduct . She failed to appear at NMC hearing and was suspended for six months .


Chase Culpepper , 17 , who was born male but now identifies as female , was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year . Under the terms of the settlement , a state agency has agreed to handle such cases differently .


DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies UK plastic photocard licences . Information about penalty points will be held only on the database . From June 8 , holidaymakers will have to log on to DV LA website the day before and put in driving licence number to obtain special code to give to their car hire company when they arrive at the desk . Fears growing that the `


julian zelizer: it's time for liberals to look local . zelizer: liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward .


Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave in Southern France has been built with 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features. It contains pictures of oxen, cows, deer and other animals the original artists used as inspiration.


Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12. Officers transporting him called for a medic, he slipped into a coma. They say they didn't act sooner or in any other manner.


Alison Saunders , Director of Public Prosecutions , said she was ` not afraid ' of legal challenge . She is convinced Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia . But she refused to quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue ' Three investigations into claims made by 25 alleged victims over 25 years were botched . But she decided it


Software extracts colour information from images or artworks found online. Plot is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000. The graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century.


Brandon Afoa, 33, of Puyallup, Washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft when the brakes and steering failed. Incident left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm. He sued Port of Seattle - which owns and operates the Sea-Tac airport - in King County Superior Court.


The latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . Celebrities with a home cinema include Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch , retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich . Beckhams could easily fit 20 seats -- enough for their family of six plus friends -- in the room which would adjoin a 500 sq ft playroom . In ` Beckham Odeon ' , a projector and


Chelsea flop Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with Bayern Munch . The Belgian is touted has a possible replacement for Franck Ribery . Ribery said De Bruyne 's is ` great ' but the wrong style of player . He said Chelsea star Eden Hazard 's attributes would suit Bayern .


ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military. Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq and became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after the dictator's 2006 execution.


Celebrity chef's Fat Duck named eighth best restaurant in the world in annual poll. Awarded the honour by luxury magazine Elite Traveler. Dinner by Heston Blumenthal also made the top 25.


alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill take on jack nowell and george ford . england rugby stars take part in crossbar challenge on st george's day . arsenal winger oxlade-chamberlain impressed the football stars .


Willis never trademarked her most-famous work , calling it `` my gift to the city '' She created some of the city 's most famous neon work .


Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa 's stars ` icing on the cake players ' Sherwood believes his stars must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis . QPR host Aston Villa at Loftus Road on Tuesday night . Striker Eduardo Vargas is out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .


LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso . McCoy says Kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent . McCoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles .


There are eight teams in contention for promotion to the Premier League . Every side involved will be targeting wins from their remaining games . Prize money for promotion could come in at £ 120 million .


Hull beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park . Jamie Shaul 's long-distance try was enough to seal the win . Tom Makinson levelled for the Saints with a superb try . Fetuli Talanoa scored a brace for Hull . Lance Hohaia and James Roby put the Saints in good attacking spot . Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook scored a late consolation try . Alex Walmsley scored a try , but the in-goal


Geraldine Jones charged with murder , kidnapping , criminal confinement . Gary , Indiana , woman , 36 , charged in death of Samantha Fleming , 23 . Fleming and daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5 . Police say Jones fooled Fleming by posing as child-welfare worker .


At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji , couples can be ` kidnapped ' for a picnic . The Kimpton Hotels provide a complementary pet goldfish in guest rooms . There 's a ` best man for hire ' at the Wild Dunes Resort in South Carolina .


militants make significant advances in ramadi, anbar provincial official says . "just allah knows if we will survive this," anbar official tells cnn .


Jo Stephenson 's widow accused Tim Farron of betraying her late husband . He was vilified over the new parking charges in Mr Farron 's constituency . Deputy leader of Cumbria County Council fell from a three-storey property . An inquest found he jumped from the roof while suffering ` intense stress '


Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year . All dogs have to be spayed or neutered , microchipped and vaccinated before they take off . It 's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and do n't get sick .


The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer . The device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips . It made its debut at the Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015 .


Rona Fairhead is facing immediate calls to step down as director of HSBC . It 's after claims Swiss arm helped wealthy clients hide billions from taxman . She was criticised by MPs as ` incredibly naive ' for failing to notice scandal . American investors lodged their votes to get rid of the BBC Trust chairman .


Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective, and delicious lunches to work. Each recipe on Food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals 'both interesting and pretty'


Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner get in hot water after a joke made about `` Avengers '' character Black Widow . Renner called Scarlett Johansson 's character a `` slut '' and Evans referred to her as a `` whore '' The actors issued an apology on Thursday .


The child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on Saturday around 3 pm at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo . He was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps . The cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit . Zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .


Stephen John Docherty , 66 , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . He hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property . Mr Docherty was agitated when he returned to find the work was n't carried out to his specifications . He told the contractor he would rip the man 's penis off .


inquiry comes after sturgeon claimed she was victim of whitehall 'dirty tricks' row followed allegation she told french ambassador she would prefer tory victory . leaked memo said sturgeon said snp would almost certainly have a large number of seats .


Dr. Anthony Moschetto , 54 , pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges . Two other men -- identified as James Chmela , 43 , and James Kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices .


Wolf Hall actor Damian Lewis said redheads ' ` stock is high ' Actors with red hair starring in hit films , Game of Thrones and Mad Men . FEMAIL takes a look at the hottest flame-haired stars around .


After scoring a try on Friday night , David Pocock gestured in sign language to a friend . Miranda Devine mistook it for ` jazz hands ' , calling him a ` tosser ' on Twitter . The Rugby player gracefully corrected Devine , who promptly apologised . Social media went into a frenzy following the exchange .


Inverness defender Josh Meekings won appeal against one-match ban . The 22-year-old was offered one-game suspension following incident . However , an independent judicial panel tribunal overturned decision . Inverness reached the Scottish Cup final with 3-2 win over Celtic .


Claire Sweeney , 44 , gave birth to son Jaxton in September . The former Brookside actress has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure . She has enlisted the help of celebrity hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn . The actress , who is a size 12 to 14 , says she needs to sort her binge mentality .


The Vancouver-born actor was not injured in Friday 's incident , police said . He was walking in an underground hotel parking garage during hit-and-run .


Right-handed reliever John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies . His son Jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . The family was hoping for ` better things ' after the surgery . Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment . The surgery will be needed


Indian Creek Island Road , the most exclusive area in Miami , boasts a median house price of $ 21.48 million . It has topped the list of America 's richest streets , compiled by Zillow . The 86 residents include activist investor Carl Icahn ; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert ; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson . The island has its own police


The 14-year-old had communicated with terror suspects in Australia , authorities said . Police : The teenager encouraged others to attack a parade and behead someone in Australia .


injaz was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 . she was born from a surrogate mother in nad al sheba, dubai . injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally .


Luke Shaw joined Manchester United from Southampton for £ 28m . The young English defender feels he has struggled to live up to his valuation at the club so far and is seeing a psychologist . Shaw has played only 19 games for United this season .


Dawn Bainbridge, 47, of West Rainton, County Durham, led a 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds of clothes from high street stores. Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in just four months, had detailed sales records and even a debters' book.


Len Barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile , suffering bouts of diarrhoea . Despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement . It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant . The procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people .


Roger , an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary , was gifted his new friend by a fan . Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it . Mr Barnes rescued Roger in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway .


Two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea. Hundreds of terrified women and children sheltered from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.


First broadcast hosted by a man with an American-sounding accent . The news bulletin spends almost 10 minutes going over the day 's events . Boasts of ` roasting the flesh ' of opponents and ` martyrdom operations ' ISIS commanders already have an English magazine to communicate . Comes days after announcement that all ISIS nurses must speak English .


Paul McGowan is currently on house arrest for assaulting a police officer . The Dundee midfielder has been ruled out of evening matches for his club . Boss Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing McGowan again this season .


Prize money has been increased to over £ 20.2 million at Roland Garros . The men 's and women 's singles champions will each receive £ 1.3 m . The French Open remains the Grand Slam with the lowest top prize .


Hannah Wilson , 22 , was last seen at about 1 am on Friday . Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore , which is more than 20 miles from the Bloomington campus . Daniel Messel , 49 , of Bloomington , was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge . Brown County Coroner said Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object .


Ronnie O'Sullivan beats Craig Steadman 10-3 at The Crucible . The five-time world champion was 7-2 ahead overnight . O'Sullivan won the final three frames he required on Wednesday morning . The 39-year-old was forced to change his shoes on Tuesday .


Michelle Obama combined an educational event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event on Wednesday evening . The event at the White House Kitchen Garden was the latest part of her ongoing Let 's Move initiative . She then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington , D.C. . The first lady was on hand to present 15-time Grammy winner Alicia Keys with The Recording Academy 's Recording Artists ' Coalition Award .


former illinois governor rod blagojevich, 58, is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver . blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . he was impeached and removed from office by the state legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges .


maitland local karen newton performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights . ms newton had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to deliver food to the victims of the floods . as the sun rose over the water, ms newton could be seen facing five stranded residents in a goosebump-inducing moment .


Rita , 24 , models in colourful new Rimmel beauty campaign . Star has also designed her own make-up collection for brand . Partied in Paris last night with boyfriend Ricky Hilfiger .


Active ingredients in creams were found to cure multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- They prompted stem cells to reverse the nerve damage caused by MS. Cells regenerated myelin , the coating around nerve fibres that MS destroys . Team is looking for ways the creams can be safely used as treaments .


A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton 's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it 's for mature audiences . The channel said it did n't want to break the controversial law , which bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors '' Clinton 's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 U.S. presidential campaign .


Police officers escort the funeral procession to the service . Scott 's family did not attend his visitation ; they need privacy , mayor says . Police meet with the man who was a passenger in his car when it was pulled over .


Stan Collymore celebrated Aston Villa 's draw wildly from the press box . Yorkshire championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is going vegan . Jockey Ruby Walsh stars in new viral ad ahead of the Grand National . Greg Dyke and David Gill are still at odds over homegrown players .


Lindsay , 28 , has been living in London for the past year and says she does n't see herself returning to the States any time soon . The Mean Girls star recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamet 's Speed The Plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews .


Woman was attacked as she closed restaurant in Shandong , China . Her self-defence training pays off as she overpowers the would-be rapist . Attacker strikes AGAIN outside restaurant - but manager escapes unhurt .


Robert Bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police . LZ Granderson : Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs '' He says from a policing perspective , there was n't even good reason to use a Taser against Eric Harris . LZ : Harris had given $ 2,500 to Sheriff Stanley


Zeus, a German Shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in Connecticut on Wednesday. The celebration was held ahead of the procession by the Ridgefield Police Department. The 11-year-old retired K-9 officer was to be euthanized.


Stuart Broad collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over . His boot slid through the crease and he tumbled to the ground . He spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack . Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine . Jonathan Trott -LRB- nought


Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is the top TripAdvisor Travelers ' Choice award winner for islands . Maui ranks first on the top 10 islands list for the United States .


Kroeger , 57 , was a cast member on SNL from 1982 to 1985 . He moved back to his home state of Iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons and is now an advertising executive . Freshman Republican Rod Blum is currently representing the 1st District . Kroeger will be running as a Democrat and already has two opponents for the primary .


Cordula Schacht is representing the case against Random House Germany . Her own father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler 's minister of economics . Dispute over historian Peter Longerich 's book Goebbels released in 2010 . Paying money would be ` immoral ' , Rainer Dresen of Random House said .


ed miliband accuses david cameron of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record . pm has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners . he has also promised to increase the nhs budget by £8billion a year .


Chief executive Mike Coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last September . Former business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques . Sainsbury 's opened its first store in Egypt in 1999 , hoping to capitalise on a growing Arabic middle class which was still largely reliant on corner shops for groceries . But the business made an overall loss of almost £ 35million due in part to being placed on a religious boycott list over alleged links with Israel .


Beverley Davis stole £ 9,164 from Ray Warren , 89 , over three month period . The mother-of-three paid for Chinese food , a creche and her mortgage . Portsmouth Crown Court heard Mr Warren died after the cash disappeared . Davis , 35 , will be released on licence after serving six months in jail .


Catalina Viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots . Has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian , Katy Perry , Miley Cyrus , Rihanna and Beyoncé . In total , the artist has completed 42 miniature works , which cost up to $ 90 -LRB- £ 60 -RRB- each .


Man believed to be from Mozambique was taken to Johannesburg hospital where he passed away. At least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban several weeks ago.


farrend rawson played 90 minutes in rotherham's 1-0 win over brighton . manager steve evans claimed the derby man's loan had been extended . but rawson was not involved in rotherham's 2-0 defeat at middlesbrough .


Older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over retirement , scientists have warned . Experts in America found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them . Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University .


Detectives are ` closely monitoring developments ' in the # 60m London case . They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week . They are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid . If it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a # 8.3 million raid at the Volksbank in Steglitz , Berlin ,


Jordan Spieth visited to the observation deck of the Empire State Building on Monday. The Augusta record-equalling champion was still sporting his green jacket. Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory.


President Obama abruptly left the White House after reporters were sent home for the day Sunday evening . Press pool reporters were perplexed as they questioned whether something serious had happened . The president , Michelle and their girls hiked through Great Falls Park in Virginia for around 50 minutes until a light rain sent them packing .


Alison , 43 , from Gloucestershire , had breast augmentation six years ago . She was initially pleased but an infection killed off some breast tissue . Left with one large breast and another that was shrivelled and deformed . Now the 43-year-old says she is ` desperate to be normal again ' Extreme Beauty Disasters is on TLC , Thursdays at 8 pm .


Oliver Minatel , a 22-year-old player from Brazil , was attacked from behind , he says . Witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones . Team says forward is OK , will play Saturday night ; suspect was taken for evaluation .


Kim Kardashian : Hollywood and Lindsay Lohan 's The Price of Fame apps . Users create an aspiring celebrity and rise to fame in the games . Everyone is either a potential love-interest , career-booster , or enemy .


Tori Spelling was enjoying Easter brunch at Benihana in Encino, California. But she tripped and fell on a hot grill used to prepare food in front of customers. Spelling was rushed to the hospital with a severe burn on her right arm.


Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake 's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . A family who was visiting the shoreline with a photography group came over to help . As more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get Shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats


Overloaded ship capsized off the Libyan coast on the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean on Sunday . Around 150 were brought to Italy after being rescued -- but survivors said at least 400 other migrants had died . Amnesty International accuses EU of ` clearly threatening thousands of lives ' after scrapping rescue operations .


West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium for the 2016-17 season . Seasons tickets will cost Hammers supporters as little as £ 289 . The club will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Premier League . The price of a season ticket for under 16s will be cut to just £ 99 . Family of four can purchase a season ticket for £ 776 - £ 41 per match .


Susie Clark found the 3to-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem in a search field at Crater of Diamonds State Park . She named the gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' after praying that she would find something . The gem is the largest of the 122 found this year on the 37.5-acre search field . Clark first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother .


right-handed reliever john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday . his son jameson had surgery last monday - opening day for the rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue . axford said the toes of 2-year-old jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection . jameson will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver for more treatment .


Terrorists beheaded the man in a public square in Salah al-Din province . Huge crowds gathered in the streets to watch the group 's latest atrocity . The victim is believed to have been killed after he was accused of sorcery . Gruesome image shows victim 's dead body surrounded by prayer beads .


A magnitude-7.8 earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday . Colin Stark : We knew this disaster would come .


A New Zealand family has transformed an old truck into a travelling castle . It comes complete with turrets that feature a toilet and a shower . When packed away the compact vehicle meets minimum road requirements . Jola Siezen is an acrobat who performs around the country .


Family of American medic killed posts message on Facebook says she died while at base camp . At least 13 die after avalanches at Mount Everest base camp , authorities say ; Climber says 17 dead . Dining tent at one base camp has been transformed into a hospital , another hiker says .


Kim Howe , 69 , died in crash on Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu , California . Jenner 's Cadillac Escalade is said to have ` rear-ended ' her white Lexus . The car was pushed into oncoming traffic , and collided with a Hummer . Close friends of Mrs Howe have told TMZ she had ` virtually no relationship ' with either of her late husband 's children , neither of whom live in California . Two step-children have ` lawyered up ' because they are only people who could launch a wrongful death suit .


Jackie Ward witnessed the family of four have racial slur shouted at them while they were out for the day on Friday . Shay Stewart-Bouley , who is black and runs a blog called Black Girl In Maine , was with her white husband and their daughter , 9 , and son , 23 . Car of unidentified white males drove past as one shouted ` Hey n ***** s ! ' Ward said she shared the story to remind people to be kinder to each other .


shona banda, 37, has a custody hearing monday in garden city, kansas . her 11-year-old son was taken by authorities after he disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school . the department of children and families in the small midwestern town then contacted police who went to banda's home . they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana . two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized .


A vast sea of pilgrims have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , his New Zealand counterpart John Key , Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance . Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore .


Terry Richardson , 49 , has been accused by Kate Upton of releasing footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called ` Cat Daddy ' The one-minute-long video , which played a huge part in Kate 's rise to fame , was uploaded to YouTube two years ago . In a new interview with Vogue in June 2014 , it was claimed that she was not happy


Ohio Gov. John Kasich : Washington is gridlocked , but states can make a difference . He says Ohio has gone from a budget deficit to surplus , from losing jobs to creating them .


lord janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians of his time . he was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons in 1971 . detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused . but the evidence will never be tested in court because of his age and ill health .


A Japanese court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country 's southwest . The reopening of two other nuclear reactors in Fukui was recently blocked by a Japanese court over safety fears . Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors have been offline in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima disaster .


Hull 's Steve Bruce has revealed the club have reapplied for name change . The FA blocked previous attempt for club to become Hull Tigers . Previous attempt to change name by owner Assem Allam angered fans .


A test in Kansas finds listeria in a Blue Bell ice cream cup . The company announces it is temporarily shutting a plant to check for the source . Three people in Kansas have died from a listeria outbreak .


Nabil Fekir and Alexandre Lacazette scored in Lyon 's 3-1 win at Guingamp . Lille got back to winning ways with a 3-1 triumph over strugglers Reims . Modibo Maiga 's hat-trick earned Metz a 3-2 win over Toulouse . Nice and Evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival . Paris Saint-Germain face Marseille in Le Classique on Sunday night .


Manuel Pellegrini believes his youth players are not ready for the first-team . His homegrown quote will be depleted when Frank Lamapard leaves . Pellegrini may lose James Milner , forcing him to invest in home talent .


Aquarium fish are being dumped in Western Australia rivers by pet owners . Goldfish are growing from the regular 100g to 2 kg and koi carp to 8 kg . The exotic species compete with 10 cm long native fish for food and habitat . They also introduce devastating parasites and diseases onto local species .


Woman 's body found in the water at Derby Motor Boat Club on Sunday . Discovered just hours after children 's Easter Egg hunt in the grounds . A 65-year-old man arrested in connection with her death has been bailed . Police say they are treating unidentified woman 's death as ` suspicious '


the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan recently added academy award-nominated actress jessica chastain to its list of occupants . two residents from the building told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building . chastain and her boyfriend, gian luca passi de preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms .


Chelsea captain Izzy Brown opened the scoring from close range on 7 mins . Blues defender Andreas Christensen scored an own goal to level the score . Dominic Solanke handed the initiative back to Chelsea after the interval . Brown netted a second but Adrian Viveash 's side could have won by more . Substitute Viktor Kovalenko scored an injury time consolation for Shakhtar .


Getty 's death appears to be natural causes or accident , coroner 's office says . Mother and father of Andrew Getty confirm death , asks for privacy .


MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era . From the 1950s to the '90s , Airbnb rentals cater to interior decor of all tastes . The Colour House in Kendal , Cumbria , is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues .


Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to Workplace Relations Productivity Commission . Supermarket giant was slammed by union secretary Tony Sheldon . He accused Aldi of reintroducing serfdom and ` trying to strip workers of their rights '


The royal baby could be called Sam , after Duchess of Cambridge 's friend . Sam Waley-Cohen , who rode in the Grand National , is a close confidant of the Duchess and helped the Cambridges rekindle their romance in 2007 . Odds on the royal baby being named Sam have been slashed from 66/1 to 20/1 since Waley-Cohen appeared at Aintree and won race on Friday . Royal couple have insisted they do not know the sex of their second child .


Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this term . PSV beat Heerenveen to lift their first Eredivisie title in seven years . Paris-Saint Germain are also interested in the highly-rated 21-year-old .


Steam engines draw crowds at the world 's busiest heritage railway as North Yorkshire Moors begins its spring gala . Train enthusiasts will ride aboard seven trains between Pickering and Whitby over the course of the three day event . Teams of firemen , fitters and cleaners prepared the steam engines this morning ahead of the family favourite gala .


Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer . Wilshere has not played a first-team game for Arsenal since November 22 . A host of Arsenal players have defected to Man City in the past . Samir Nasri , Gael Clichy and Bacary Sagna have all moved to the Etihad . READ : Arsenal would be foolish to dismiss £ 30m or more for Wilshere .


Eben Kaneshiro , 35 , found dead at Deschutes County Adult Jail on Sunday . Kaneshiro was the owner of New Breed Jiu-Jitsu in Portland , Oregon . Charged with three counts each of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse . Was arrested last week and accused of molesting boy under the age of 12 . MMA fighter was a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt with 31 fights since 2002 .


The FA Cup is usually a rollercoaster of emotions . Fittingly , the famous trophy was taken on looping ride at Alton Towers . It was accompanied by an Arsenal and a Reading fan ahead of the pair 's semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . Arsenal are the current holders of the competition and keen to retain it . Liverpool and Aston Villa will contest the other semi-final on Sunday .


Both Chelsea and Manchester City were keen on signing Nathan . The attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with his current club . Nathan has been in London for talks and passed a medical on Tuesday .


Sequel to popular `` Bible '' miniseries debuting on NBC . `` Mad Men '' premieres the first of its final episodes . Netflix premieres its first Marvel series , `` Daredevil ''


Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for Puma. Manchester United striker Falcao and Aguero do battle in a cage style encounter. The video ends on a cliffhanger with the scoreline in the balance.


Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Javier Hernandez . Manchester United agreed a deal worth around # 15million last summer . Real Madrid then loan him for the season before buying him outright . That exclusivity period passed at midnight though and that will open the door for other clubs to bid . The Mexico international has attracted interest from West Ham , Southampton , Newcastle and


Prince will not be able to meet new royal baby until he returns to UK in May . Harry will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival . Kate and her husband , Prince William , had been told to expect their new son or daughter by Saturday .


British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands . Could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of renewed conflict . Comes days after minister warned of ` very live threat ' from Argentina . Argentina says it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands .


Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ` Death to America '


Gaza police have seized world famous street artist 's work from Bilal Khaled . He bought the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family . Is accused of doing so without telling them real value of the Niobe mural . It is now being held in Khan Yunis public library while the issue is resolved .


William Smith was 15 when he fell in love with Marilyn Buttigieg , then 44 . Met after he was invited round to play computer games with her son . Pair , from Crawley , West Sussex , say they have proved their critics wrong . Marilyn 's children have all but cut off contact with the loved-up pair . Marilyn , now 54 , left her then husband to be with William , now 25 .


Didier Drogba hosted a charity ball at London 's swanky Dorchester Hotel on Saturday night . The Chelsea striker helped raise a staggering £ 400,000 for his Foundation . The money will be used to open a medical clinic in Abidjan , Ivory Coast . The Ivorian was joined on stage by team-mates Eden Hazard and Petr Cech .


Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1 , 6-4 on Saturday . The sixth-seed reaches Monte Carlo Masters final for the first time . Berdych will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final .


Britain's aid budget is double France's and ten times that of Spain. More than half of Western nations reduced aid budget between 2013 and 2014. But the UK increased its spending by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.


Mel Greig has penned an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. The former 2Day FM co-host, who shot to notoriety in 2012, was unable to return to her role on the air, saying earlier in the year that she felt 'the world hated [her]'


Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh will leave , a source says . Ousted leader Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi promises to return . Next phase , called `` Operation Renewal of Hope , '' will focus on political process .


rangers board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club's famous crests . but they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct, accepted by the former regime in january . in return for the loan, sports direct took security over all rangers assets — but not ibrox — including intellectual property owned by the club .


Leia , an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier . Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep . To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook .


Twitter has developed an interactive graphic which shows support for all 20 Premier League clubs across the globe . Support for clubs has been broken down into constituency level in the UK and national level across the world . The Premier League 's biggest clubs - Manchester United , Liverpool , Arsenal and Chelsea - dominate globally . Manchester United dominate Twitter followers in Asia while Chelsea are strong in South America . Arsenal come out on top in North America and in most of Europe . Liverpool are strong in Australia and parts of the Far East , including Thailand .


David Rush , 33 , from Lisburn , Northern Ireland , weighed 34st . Felt that he ` should n't go out ' and had to order XXXXXL clothes . Got to 26st then began cycling up to 85 miles a week . Now weighs 15st 4 lbs and and is training for a half marathon . He is saving up to get around a stone of excess skin removed .


Rangers beat Raith 4-0 but McCall is aware of tough test Livingston will provide in midweek . He said he was concerned about some lax moments in the win at Ibrox . Rangers can go three points clear of Hibernian with a win . ` There is no singing and dancing today . We have done OK . I still think that we 'll need to be better and we can be better , ' McCall said .


consumer reports compared award-seat availability for the five biggest u.s. airlines . southwest airlines offered the most award tickets and the highest percentage of award tickets . jetblue offered the fewest award tickets and the lowest percentage of award seats .


Sarah appeared on Monday 's Jeremy Kyle Show to have DNA test . Wanted to find out if Phil was her real father . He had raised her but mother cast doubt on his paternity . They were heartbroken to discover they are not related .


Jose Mourinho believes UEFA 's Financial Fair Play benefits rivals . Chelsea boss says Manchester United can fund a massive squad . The Blues have been forced to sell players to balance the books .


A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site. Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with.


Chris Ramsey wants three wins from QPR 's final five league games . Ramsey believes nine points will secure their Premier League status . The QPR boss want his team to step up a level defensively .


Steve Bruce admits Hull need to pull off ` crazy results ' to avoid the drop . The Tigers still have to play Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester United . Hull are just two points away from the bottom three of the Premier League . CLICK HERE for all the latest Hull news .


Marla McCants , 43 , from Nashville , Tennessee , was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage by her three daughters , Britney , Adele and Sierra . The mother-of-three , who weighed 800lbs , was bound to her bed and taken care of by her daughters . Marla refused to let medical professionals help her stand up . After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery ,


cynthia lennon died wednesday at her home in mallorca, spain . she married john lennon when he was a struggling musician .


Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato dominated the scoring in Bradford . Rovers twice came came from behind against the Championship side . Hull KR blew out the scoreline with five tries in the final 18 minutes .


mindy kaling's brother says he posed as a black man to get into medical school . vijay chokal-ingam says the experience opened his eyes to the hypocrisy of affirmative action . chokal-ingam is pitching a book about his experiences .


Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Nou Camp . Neymar scored twice as the La Liga giants cruised through . David Luiz endured a horrendous evening in Spain . Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta both impressed for the Catalan side .


Technical University of Braunschweig researchers analysed peppermint . Found raised nicotine levels in plants subjected to cigarette smoke . Also showed peppermint plants take up nicotine from contaminated soils . Findings could explain high nicotine levels in some spices and teas .


the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham, north carolina . the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the center for sexual and gender diversity . larry moneta, duke's vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for 'committing this act of intimidation' would be held accountable .


Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s . There were motion pictures made of Barker , but she had never seen any of them . Volunteers put together a video of `` soundies '' -- early music videos -- and showed them to Barker .


Alondra Luna Nunez 's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online . There was no immediate explanation of why authorities did not confirm her identity before sending her out of the country . The Foreign Ministry said Mexican officials were carrying out a court order to send Alondra to Dorotea Garcia , a Houston woman .


Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at gunpoint by a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie on March 31 . She was fired less than two days later when she refused to pay back the money . The store said she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at


` Clever marketing ' makes patients spend up to ten times more , say experts . An investigation found Britons spend £ 100million on cough syrup a year . But some doctors say there is no need to spend so much on remedies . The Truth About Medicine , 9 pm BBC1 , April 9 .


Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year , city schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter announced on Tuesday . Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be Christian , either . A 12-year-old boy in Perry 's class brought the matter to the attention of his father , Jimmie Scott , who complained to the school . Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference to which Perry brought along her husband Bill , who sits on the county Board of Education .


Joko Widodo 's chief political rival promised to support clemency . Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders were reprieved . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were killed on Wednesday morning .


palermo are 11th in serie a and have not won away from home since november 2 . roberto vitiello's side have picked up just two points in last six games . udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of palermo .


secret ukip-commissioned poll, leaked to the mail on sunday, shows farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting . if the poll is accurate, it could end farage’s political career . he has vowed to resign as ukip leader if he fails to win south thanet .


fabio borini's wife erin o'neill posted an instagram photo of her husband . brad jones' wife dani chose a stunning white lace dress for the day . glen johnson's wife laura was celebrating her birthday the day before . philippe coutinho scored the winner in liverpool's fa cup semi-final replay with blackburn .


The new policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge. The decision was part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 Americans. The ACLU isn't satisfied with the government's new policy, outlined in documents filed in federal courts in Oregon and Virginia.


Hawks say neither Thabo Sefolosha nor Pero Antic will play Wednesday against Brooklyn . Chris Copeland left `` bloody trail of handprints '' as he returned to club seeking help , club says . Suspect in custody , police say , adding they will release his name once charges are filed .


Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds . The Ulster and Ireland prop has multiple concussions . The 31-year-old had ` experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons . Medics at the Guinness PRO12 province referred him to a neurologist .


One in five Australians admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night. The nocturnal shopping sprees are likely down to the 86 per cent of those surveyed who admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items that they are too embarrassed to buy in stores.


Joseph O'Riordan , 73 , stabbed wife eight times after discovering her affair . She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back . Yesterday Brighton Crown Court heard about deal he was ready to offer her . He had told friend about the idea while in the pub just days before stabbing .


Leaks from the investigation into Nightly News anchor Brian Williams were given to the press to pressure him into resign , a report claims . Media executives who spoke to POLITICO say that the information was designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network . Williams has up to a $ 50million contract and could receive up to $ 30million in an exit agreement with NBC


Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg second . After the race Rosberg accused Hamilton of being selfish by slowing down . He said Hamilton 's speed allowed Sebastian Vettel to close the gap in third . Rosberg explained he did not try to attack Hamilton for fear of tyre wear . CLICK HERE for all the latest F1 news .


Charli , from Queensland , Australia , has turned CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube 's largest food channel in less than three years . The channels earns an average of 29 million views per month . Charli 's five-year-old sister Ashlee also stars in the how-to cooking clips . One of their most popular videos , which demonstrates how to make Frozen-themed popsicles , has received 57 million views in less than a year .


Students stampeded ; some jumped from a fifth story at a dorm ; one student died , school officials say . The blasts were caused by faulty electrical cable , and Kenya Power is at the school . The panic came less than two weeks after terrorists attacked Kenya 's Garissa University .


Michele Bachmann compared President Obama to co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 . `` Comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable , '' she wrote .


Jeffrey Williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on March 12 . Despite warnings at the start of prison phone calls that they can be used as evidence , he spoke free about the incident to his girlfriend . Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and was n't aiming at the cops . He also expressed remorse . ` Even though I was in the wrong , though , I should have just went the other way , ' he said . ` Oh man , now I 'm looking at 10 years '


Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday . It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film .


Businessman has been cleared by Court of Session to become director . Dave King hopes SFA will pass him to take role as Ibrox chairman . King is the largest shareholder of the former Scottish champions .


Utrecht briefly had twelve players on the pitch against Ajax on Sunday . Winger Edouard Duplan had n't realised he had been substituted . Frenchman saw funny side and made his way off the pitch during 1-1 draw .


Janet Faal , 57 , was out with a friend as part of her rehabilitation in Crawley . She moved wooden pallet with foot to help friend reverse and slipped down . Grandmother-of-two smashed face on pallet and left doing ` splits ' in hole . Miss Faal says it has set her back in battle with debilitating agoraphobia .


Charles Dunstone backed Labour in 2005 election , but now supports Tories . Said Conservatives deserved credit for remarkable economic turnaround . Admired Tories for sticking with plan even when opinion was against them . Said Labour Party under Miliband wrongly saw business as ` the problem '


Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to All Things Bright. He then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles, crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling.


The term appears to be a reference to 2013 's `` The Purge '' and its sequel . The movies show a dystopian future America where on one day each year , all laws are suspended . In the movies , set in Los Angeles , people barricade themselves in their homes at night .


Ariella and Mark Aziz, from north London, were travelling to Luton from Israel. Cabin crew asked Sarina Aziz to sit on her parents' lap. The 19-month-old became agitated and angry and it became difficult to restrain her.


Princess Beatrice is at the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference . She watched a lecture by Vogue 's Suzy Menkes and Karl Lagerfeld . First night spent partying at a palazzo with Ralph Lauren 's son . Returned to the lecture room for a second day in a row today .


Bobbi Kristina Brown has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother says . `` We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time , '' Cissy Houston says . The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , a source says .


paddy power backtracks after tweeting that newcastle have suffered more kop beatings than an unarmed african-american male . the tweet, a pun on liverpool's famous home end, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states . a paddy power spokesman told cnn: "it was a joke, and no offense was meant"


Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media . The employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity ' One guard , Harley Levanic , posted a picture to Facebook in February of a new neck tattoo bearing the word ` infidel ' Another guard , Beau James , commented on a post linking Muslims to Nazis with the comment ` See yas tomoz boys !!! Bring your pitch forks '


Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in New York on April 23 . Victory will take him to within one of Larry Holmes ' record of 19 defences . Klitschko would need another six wins after that to match Joe Louis . The Ukrainian hopes to face Deontay Wilder in a unification clash . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .


Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park . Philippe Coutinho 's 70th-minute strike gave Liverpool the lead . Simon Eastwood 's last-gasp strike was saved by Simon Mignolet . Jordan Henderson believes the result will give Liverpool a much-needed lift . The Reds will now play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


the sewol ferry sank on april 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students . dozens associated with the disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges . families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking of the sewol are far from resolved .


Obama recently explained U.S. foreign policy moves on Iran and Cuba . Sager : Misguided U.S. leadership and policies are reasons for the enduring tragedy in the Middle East .


Michael McIndoe played for Bristol City and Wolverhampton Wanderers. He lured fellow footballers into a £30million investment scheme. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the winger was declared bankrupt.


Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . The Mercedes driver was 0.541 secs clear of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg . Sebastian Vettel was third with Kimi Raikkonen 1.6 secs down on Hamilton . Valtteri Bottas was fourth with Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat third . Hamilton is bidding to win his fourth race in China . The German leads the championship


Carlos Manuel Perez Jr , 28 , was ` pitted ' against Andrew Jay Arevalo , 24 , at High Desert State Prison . They were left to duke it out , a trainee officer waded in and fired off shotgun four times . The blasts killed Perez and left themvalo with wounds to his face . Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four


China is building artificial islands on coral reefs in the South China Sea . Five have been built in the Spratly Islands - with two more in development . The latest island is a huge 1.5 square miles -LRB- four square km -RRB- in size . But experts told MailOnline the activities could be hugely damaging .


the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters around 9 p.m., petty officer carlos vega said . more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the dauphin island regatta in mobile bay . the boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race .


Raheem Sterling is currently earning less than half Mario Balotelli 's salary . Even signing new £ 100,000-a-week deal would only take him to parity . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted Sterling will put pen to paper . But he has assumed he 'll stay at Liverpool when he has other ambitions . Sterling should be playing in the Champions League . And Liverpool , seven points off fourth place , may not be able to offer that . Adrian Durham : Arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off . Durham : Rooney and Carrick are Man Utd 's only players with the ` football intelligence ' demanded by Louis van Gaal . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news . Raheem Sterling is a very good player . He 's been performing at a high level consistently for two seasons . If a club is prepared to pay £ 50m he would play regularly for them . There would be no shortage of clubs wanting to sign him -- Real Madrid have already said they are monitoring his situation . Rodgers says they wo n't sell this summer , but it 's more bluster I 'm afraid . Common sense dictates they ca n't afford to let his contract run down to its final year . The situation needs to be addressed . Sterling wants to play Champions League football . What 's so wrong with that ?


Vincent Kompany was injured in the Manchester derby defeat by United . Manuel Pellegrini is not sure if the Belgium star will return this season . The Premier League champions face West Ham at the Etihad on Sunday .


Bondi 's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Ten Pieces presented a monochrome collection of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 different ways . Models paraded through the concrete pool and along the break wall .


James Ward , 31 , attacked at his home by two intruders wielding an axe . Horrific attack severed one finger and left him needing 38 staples . Mr Ward says he is now too scared to return home and is in hiding . Man , 23 , charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm . WARNING : Graphic content .


The historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater . The Edwardian style yacht is on the market for more than $ 1.2 million and will be up for auction on May 19 .


Two teenagers arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism . Boy , 14 , and girl , 16 , arrested after police raids on Thursday and Friday . Girl was arrested in Longsight , Manchester , and boy was held in Blackburn .


The Dadaab refugee camp is the world 's largest , with more than 600,000 people . Kenya will change `` the way America changed after 9/11 , '' deputy president says . William Ruto adds that `` we must secure this country at whatever cost ''


BBC has admitted it ` occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms in New Broadcasting House . Corporation spent £ 47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during last financial year . Corporation insiders say venues include De Vere 's West One business centre and the luxury Langham Hotel .


mesut ozil missed arsenal's win over newcastle with a cold last month . ozil was spotted in a berlin nightclub hours after missing the game . arsenal boss arsene wenger has chosen not to sanction the midfielder . wenger says he is satisfied with ozil's explanation for the incident .


Arsenal finished in fourth place in the Premier League last season. They finished with 63 points from 31 games, a season which their points tally merits a place of second. Arsenal have the same record as they did at this stage last season.


Virgin Galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of SpaceShipTwo by the end of the year. Its previous plane was destroyed in the Mojave Desert in October 2014. The company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works 'better'


Kenneth Morgan Stancil III ` walked into Wayne County Community College in North Carolina on Monday and shot dead print shop director Ron Lane ' He was arrested in Florida and will be extradited back to North Carolina . Lane , 44 , had supervised him under a work-study program at the print shop but Stancil , 20 , was dismissed last month for absenteeism . In court on Tuesday , Stancil said he ` ridded one last child molester from the Earth ' ; he said Lane had sexually assaulted one of Stancil 's relatives . But Stancil 's mother said it was not true and that her son is ` rattled ' Police are investigating the killing of Lane as a possible hate crime . Stancil lists ` white power ' as his interests on Facebook and has white supremacist tattoos , including an ' 88 ' to signify ` Heil Hitler '


thousands of south africans took to the streets thursday to protest violence and xenophobia . hashtag campaigns such as #peacemarch and #saynotoxenophobia were popular .


The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now . Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method . Camilla Lawrence , women 's health physiotherapist at Six Physio , tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape . 30 % of women have ongoing urinary incontinence post pregnancy . 50 % have


Arsenal knocked off top spot for the first time since post-war era . Gunners were promoted from the Second Division in the 1914/15 season . AFC Bournemouth will usurp them in alphabetical order at start of 2015/16 . Bournemouth effectively secured promotion to Premier League on Monday .


Doug Hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' Rep . Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , chairman of the House Oversight committee , said . Security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . A ` judgment call ' was made not to shoot Hughes down


Ozil will not be sanctioned for being spotted in Berlin nightclub . It came hours after missing match at Newcastle through illness . German star explained to Wenger that he was attending friend 's birthday . Arsenal play Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday lunchtime . Danny Welbeck could return after knee injury suffered on England duty . Gunners trail Premier League leaders Chelsea by seven points .


The child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on Saturday around 3 pm at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo . He was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps . The cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit . Zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .


Sergio Garcia is looking to win his first PGA Tour title since 2012 . The Spaniard is competing at this week 's Shell Houston Open . It is the last PGA Tour event ahead of next week 's Masters at Augusta .


Theodosia Aresti , 71 , moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago . But a blocked pipe unleashed a ` tsunami of sewage ' into her flat . The pensioner 's bath started filling up with ` brown lumps ' and the toilet began overflowing ` like a volcano ' Maintenance workers were unable to visit for four days , leaving her to sleep in a room filled with sewage .


Clarence Taylor , 44 , remains at large after police in Akron , Ohio ordered his arrest in connected to a bizarre ` faked kidnapping ' last fall . On November 1 , Taylor 's 45-year-old girlfriend called police , saying he had been missing for several days . While she was on the phone with investigators , the girlfriend received a call from another of Taylor 's friends who said he had found him tied to a tree with zip ties . That unidentified man then led police to Taylor , who was strangely still bound to the tree . Police have since charged Taylor with a first-degree misdemeanor charge of falsification .


Laura Robson took the opportunity to cool down in the Florida heat on Thursday while she dipped in an ice bath as the British tennis nears a return to action. The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist. Robson, who has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's French Open at Roland Garros.


We 've enjoyed some of the highest temperatures of the year this week . The range starts at £ 31,995 and the Audi can cost as much as £ 50,000 . No matter how good , the new Audi TT still has nothing on the 1999 model . With the sunshine beaming this week and some of the highest temperatures recorded so far this year , what better moment to splash out on the new third-generation Audi TT Roadster . It goes on sale this month . Just the time to get the roof off on this softtop German sports car , which has established itself as a firm favourite in the 16 years it has been on the road . I drove the fully stocked four-wheel-drive 2-litre TFSI in S-line quattro trim with 230 bhp , which was adept at whipping around the Cotswolds in style . Sure-footed and fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds up to a top speed electronically limited to 155 mph . CO2 emissions are a fair 154g/km . Supportively cossetting sports seats leave you sitting comfortably at the wheel . A nicely tuned exhaust pipe gives the TT Roadster a most satisfying ` brrrm brrrm ' . You wo n't break the bank at the filling station . Even with the satisfying performance you 'll average 43.5 mpg , rising to 52.3 mpg when cruising and still managing a respectable 33.6 mpg around town . Great wind-in-the-hair motoring with a top that will come down in ten seconds at speeds of up to 31mph , and a more streamlined body . It 's easy to make a hands-free phone call with the automatic three-layer fabric hood down because microphones are embedded in the safety belt . Auto-dim LED headlights have been transferred across from the flagship Audi A8 saloon . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . Though this version is on an allnew platform , the progression is evolution , not revolution . The car I drove cost well in excess of £ 50,000 . The range starts from £ 31,995 for the 2-litre TDi Sport in six-speed manual . The optional open-top driving package includes head-level heating to keep your bonce from getting chilly , an electrically operated wind deflector , which stops parky draughts whistling behind your neck , and handily heated super sports seats . No matter how good , nothing will have the jaw-dropping impact on the car market as the original Audi TT of 1999 . It was dubbed the ` Bauhaus Bullet ' because of its clean , minimalist lines reminiscent of the German art movement of the Twenties and early Thirties . Hefty prestige price tag . The base price of the car I drove was £ 41,630 . But it was loaded up with extras adding another £ 13,000 -- or the price of a half-decent family runaround . These include an open-top driving package -LRB- £ 1,000 -RRB- , rotorgrey fine Nappa leather and super-sports seats -LRB- £ 1,390 -RRB- , a comfort and sound package -LRB- £ 1,590 -RRB- , technology package -LRB- £ 1,795 -RRB- , electric front seats -LRB- £ 995 -RRB- , 19 in twin-spoke alloy wheels -LRB- £ 450 -RRB- , metallic paint -LRB- £ 545 -RRB- , and LED headlights -LRB- £ 945 -RRB- .


Sandra Garratt died on Good Friday after more than a year spent in agony . The 56-year-old underwent two operations on her back for a slipped disc . But her pain was so severe afterwards not even morphine could relieve it . Days before her death doctors said there was nothing more they could do . Mrs Garratt 's grieving husband said the news had been ` the final straw ' Hours before her death , she told him she was ` just popping out ' for awhile . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .


rupa huq says she felt no shame in accepting £1,000 from tony blair . ms huq is standing for labour in a key marginal seat in west london . she said candidates who turned down cash were 'sticking their noses up'


`` Furious 7 '' pays tribute to star Paul Walker , who died during filming . Vin Diesel : `` This movie is more than a movie '' `` Furious 7 '' opens Friday .


North Sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished . Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod . The industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 . Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed . One in nine fisheries


The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building. The 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead. She was reportedly a tempt working at Ceva Logistics - an international company specializing in freight shipping.


Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a Gulfstream G650. Dollar noted in a recent address that the devil was attempting to discredit him. Dollar's ministry requested $300 from 200,000 people globally for the luxury jet.


Barcelona squandered a two-goal lead to stumble to a draw at Sevilla . Lionel Messi and Neymar both scored stunning goals on Saturday night . Sevilla hit back with goals from Ever Banega and sub Kevin Gameiro . La Liga leaders Barca now two points ahead of rivals Real Madrid .


Dr Joe Hanson is a science writer and biologist based in Austin , Texas . He calculated what a hypothetical single ` human molecule ' might look like . It would contain 375 million hydrogen atoms and 85 million carbon atoms . He also calculated that all the chemical elements in the human body could be worth upto $ 2,000 if they were isolated and sold on the open market .


Jonathan Krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information , was shot dead . Police are saying the shooting was an attempted robbery gone awry . A man who was with Krueger told officers a van pulled up and confronted them . That man was able to escape and found two men outside a nearby home who called police . Police arrested Justin D. Rose , 18 , and charged him with the murder this afternoon .


The sentences came after a trial in Pakistan , a judge says . Malala Yousafzai is an outspoken advocate for the education of girls . She was attacked in Pakistan in 2012 .


farmer daniel weness, of leroy, minnesota, reported on tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn . the vials of semen were worth between $300 and $1,500 each . there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers reduce transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed .


Tony Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market . West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season . The Baggies were in danger of the drop again with Alan Irvine in charge .


Jamal al-Labani was a Oakland , California , gas station owner , as well as a husband and a father-of-three . al-Labani traveled to Yemen in an attempt to extricate his pregnant wife and daughter from the civil war there and fly them to California . He was unable to because the US withdrew its diplomatic staff in February . Yemen also recently shut down most of its airports . al-Labani was struck by mortar shrapnel after leaving a mosque Tuesday in Aden and soon died . al-Labani 's cousin has said Houthi forces launched the mortar shelling . Houthi forces have been battling to take Aden , a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi . The US State Department has said ` There are no plans for a US government-coordinated evacuation of U.S. citizens at this time '


Sussex Police poster features two young women taking a selfie . The message urges female friends to ` stick together ' on a night out . Campaigners say police should be targeting potential rapists instead . But police say they have an obligation to urge women to minimise risks .


Shanice Farier , 22 , from Derby , earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste . She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' , said Judge John Burgess . Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag .


U.S. . Attorney Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner on his last day in office that Lois Lerner could wrap herself in the Fifth Amendment . Lerner led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ` applications for tax-exempt status . She insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a May 22,2013 hearing , and then refused to answer lawmakers ` questions . House Republicans prepared


Town of Evansville in Comanche County was the headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas 's history in 1880s . But now , its once-thriving commissary building , with post office , grocery store and possibly a hotel , are long gone . However , the remote ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry ` Dee ' Scherich and wife Phyllis . Couple live in a house just north of ruined commissary building - and only ever encounter hired help in the region . Mrs Scherich said of Evansville : ` By 1910 , there was not much left ' , adding she would ` love ' to restore the buildings .


Liverpool 2-0 Newcastle United : Click here to read the match report . Philippe Coutinho starred in Liverpool 's Premier League win on Monday . Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher feels Coutinho is becoming their key man . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers : We can still finish in the top four . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


A judge has sentenced former Blackwater guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 and wounded 17 . Charges against Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard included dozens of counts of manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . The former Blackwater guards were convicted in October on a combined 33 counts including manslaughter , attempted manslaughter and murder . They left behind a hellish scene in a Baghdad traffic circle where bombed out and bloodied cars littered a street strewn with bodies .


Witness who took video of shooting said when he arrived officer was on top of Walter Scott . Feidin Santana says Walter Scott did n't take Michael Slager 's Taser . Santana said he never saw officers perform CPR before he left the scene to go to work .


The popular toys were designed to help teach children to read and spell. But for some people, the toys had another unintended consequence. The magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters.


the martingale betting strategy originated in france and is used by punters on anzac day across australia . the staking plan is outlined in the table below, but seems simple enough to follow for even a first-time two up player . if you lose, you have to double your bet until your coins fall right . two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s .


Sean Jefferson and Elizabeth Jowitt decorated flat with trinkets off graves . Couple had wreaths , lanterns and homemade gift tributes hung in York flat . The pair admitted handling stolen goods and were banned from cemeteries . Victims described couple as ` heartless and cruel ' for having grave tributes .


The nomination of Loretta Lynch as U.S. attorney general was announced in November . She would be the country 's first African-American woman attorney general . But as her confirmation process drags on , her supporters wonder why .


edwin mee, 46, is accused of abusing or raping 11 female cadets in croydon . alleged offences took place between october 2010 and september 2011 . mee denies the allegations, saying they 'never happened' .


Rory McIlroy admitted recently he was ` obsessed with the gym ' Sir Nick Faldo warned the world No 1 against bulking up . The pair shook hands at Augusta National during Monday 's practice . McIlroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam by winning Masters .


Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has branded the six players who withdrew at short notice. Cherry said players should be sacked by the club and called for them to be sacked. Former Leeds captain Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri were among those who pulled out of the squad.


a nasa astrophysicist has named an asteroid after malala yousafzai . the asteroid circles the sun between mars and jupiter every five and a half years .


Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn . Decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie . Sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in Mississauga . Picture of Nasr 's selfie and the Street View image shared 2.9 million times .


The two disturbing videos were uploaded to Facebook on Wednesday . A woman unleashes a racist tirade on her neighbours from over the fence . She swings a crowbar at the group of men and a tussle breaks out . The woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding . A woman has been charged with assault and several other offences . The 51-year-old will appear in Perth Magistrates Court on April 8 .


Men are learning to embrace their grey hair with style - and women love it . FEMAIL checks out the young trendsetters and classic silver-haired stars . We offer grooming tips from experts to help your man go grey gracefully .


Police say baby had breathing problems and died yesterday afternoon . Her father , 25 , and her mother , 22 , arrested in Perry Barr , Birmingham .


Jeremy Trentelman , 36 , of Ogden , built fort for young son and daughter . He received letter one day later saying it violated ordinance against waste . Father plans on keeping castle up for 14 days before he receives fine .


Around 30 people live a floating life in Seattle 's SoDo -LRB- South of Downtown -RRB- area in their RVs . There is one parking lot in particular where the owner lets them act as watchmen in exchange for a spot to live . Visual journalist Anna Erickson , who photographed the community , said they are just grateful to have a home .


Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday . Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft . On board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies-including a coffee machine . It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth . ` There 's coffee in that nebula `` ... ehm , I mean ... in that # Dragon , ' she tweeted .


Clorox has apologized for a social media misstep . The company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iPhones . Those cartoons included faces of people with black and brown skin . The company says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emojis for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean . Its post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces .


Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas could miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if they are shown a yellow card . The pair are both just one booking away from suspension . But Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists his midfield twosome will play at Loftus Road .


20-year-old woman was hit by bullet at 11 pm on Wednesday night . Window shattered and she felt blood driving down I-25 north of Denver . Bullet passed clean through her neck - but did not cause major injury . Other drivers have reported windows shattering after potential gunshots .


mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, a syrian national and naturalized us citizen, is accused of lying to federal agents about his involvement with islamic state militants fighting in syria . saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members, the justice department said . federal agents investigating saeed have uncovered incriminating facebook photos and posts indicating his involvement with syrian militants .


Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials. Former Celtic striker has branded Alan Muir 'idiotic' for failing to see handball. Inverness defender Josh Meekings is now fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup Final.


Christie 's is holding a Magnificent Jewels auction next month in Geneva . Overall , it is expected to raise in excess of £ 53million . Includes pink diamond worth £ 8million and sapphire worth £ 2.7 million .


Jeff Williams will join up with Bath at the end of the current season . The Sevens star signed a full-time deal with the Aviva Premiership club . Williams scored 36 tries on the World circuit and helped win in Toyko .


Two people are taken into custody , but the protests -- on the whole -- are peaceful . Baltimore police commissioner sits down with the Gray family .


saturday night live parodied cnn's coverage of germanwings tragedy . cnn had no footage for germanwings crash, so went for muppets instead . snl writers joked that cnn's animations look like they belong in 1985 .


Jenner 's daughter : `` So very proud of you , my hero '' `` With courage and bravery , let 's change the world , '' Kourtney Kardashian says . `` Let 's empower people like Bruce all over the world by being loving & not mean , '' Laverne Cox tweets . GLAAD : `` Welcome , # BruceJenner and their family tonight ''


Deion Sanders calls out son for `` hood doughnuts '' comments . `` You 're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund . Stop the hood stuff ! ''


Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum , in Oświęcim , Poland , has had more than 250,000 visitors so far this year . The memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry . January saw the 70th anniversary of the camp 's liberation , a possible reason for the surge in interest .


Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family . The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old . For more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage . She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC 's Foreign Correspondent reporter Sally Sara .


Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency abolished paper tax disc last autumn . Car tax now automatically cancelled whenever vehicle changes ownership . Official figures show use of clamping soared from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to well over 8,000 now . Critics say many targeted are innocent drivers unaware of rule change .


Hoesik is the Korean tradition of eating and drinking together . Anthony Bourdain travels to Korea for the season five premiere of `` Parts Unknown ''


Exeter is getting its own special edition of classic board game Monopoly . But residents ca n't think of anywhere to fill low-rent spaces on the board . Game-makers say they have never come across this issue in a city before . Exeter Council leader says there are no areas suitable to be Old Kent Road .


Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute postponed screening following complaint . College Muslim Association disagreed with plan to show American Sniper . Other students say the postponing is censorship and attack on free speech . Film will be shown but with forum for discussion to follow the screening .


The worker was caught on camera by a member of the public . Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and the man was sacked . Passer-by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting ' Tesco : Vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .


Republican Sen. Jason Smalley rewrote the bill to allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination . The new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from Sen. John Sparks , a Norman Democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure . ` Why should you be able to discriminate ? ' Sparks said .


Patrick and Marianne Charles lit the barbecue as their heating was cut off . Grandparents choked on carbon monoxide fumes in their conservatory . The couple , 78 and 74 , laid dead for 16 days before they were found . East Sussex coroner recorded verdicts of accidental death .


SwiftKey analysed one billion sets of emoji data across 60 categories . US uses LGBT emoji - such as men holding hands - 30 % more than average . Russians use three times more romantic emoji including the kiss mark . While Australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji .


chinese man, known as xu, bought wife for his son, who has learning difficulties . after six months, xu discovered his son had not slept with his wife . desperate for a 'grandchild', xu tried to have sex with his wife himself . but the young bride, known as wang, was infertile and resold to another family . xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking in eastern china .


In the new chapter released on Friday , Clinton shared her experiences as a grandmother and how they had motivated her political plans . She recalled how disorganized she had been before the birth of Chelsea , whereas Chelsea had been so composed before becoming a mother . The Clintons ` whooped ' with delight when Charlotte was born last September and Hillary noticed Bill becoming emotional . While she had been nervous about being a mother , being a grandmother is ` pure joy ' - and has made her think about all children 's futures , she said . She is expected to announce her run for president on Sunday .


a family in texas were shocked to find their front room infested with birds . according to the video maker the birds came in through the chimney . the video maker initially thought the birds were bats before realising they were sparrows .


Created by designers Maya Pindeus , 24 , and Johanna Pichlbauer , 25 . ` Beautification ' machines apply eyeliner and lipstick to participants . Art project debuted at Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015 .


Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office in Arizona says Robert Bates never trained with them . `` He met every requirement , and all he did was give of himself , '' his attorney says . Tulsa World newspaper : Three supervisors who refused to sign forged records on Robert Bates were reassigned .


Newcastle have lost five games in a row and scored just one goal in eight hours . Jack Colback says the club 's fans deserve more than they are getting . The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into a relegation scrap . John Carver has raised concerns about the character of the players .


Septum rings are a new craze among celebrities . FKA Twigs started the trend after appearing at red carpet events with one . It has been used in various Asian and North American cultures for years .


Atif Saeed , 38 , from Lahore , Pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . Mr Saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames .


Luke Stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down . He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son , Nathan . The police officer , from Hailsham , East Sussex , broke his neck while on holiday . He remains in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again . His mother Stephanie Stanwick has flown from the UK to be by


Islamic State militants infiltrated Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus today . Militants reportedly entered camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood . The terrorist group already control large swaths of territory in northern Syria . The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for two years . U.N. . aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp .


Suzanne Adams ' son James was starved of oxygen and has cerebral palsy . Staff ` failed to monitor her properly or perform a Caesarean section ' United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay sum , High Court ruled . Decision is largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury , lawyer says .


U.S. Sen. Jim Inhofe : Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity . So why does n't the President 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing carbon emissions , do more with nuclear power ?


Stacey Eden , 23 , stands up for Muslim woman being bullied on the train . Video shows a middle-aged woman ranting about Islam to quiet passenger . Ms Eden said the ranter labelled the Muslim commuters ISIS terrorists . She also brought up beheadings , a massacre and the Martin Place siege . ` What 's that got to do with this poor woman ? ' Ms Eden fumed . ` Shut your mouth if you 've got nothing to say ' Ms Eden said she stayed on the train to make sure they were OK . Both parties alighted the train at the Airport shortly before 2 pm Wednesday . Police contacted Daily Mail Australia encouraging witnesses to come forward . Islamic community leader says incidents are becoming increasingly common . ` I always make sure I have sufficient storage space on my phone to record '


The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland MP Billy Gordon has opened up . Kristy Peckham has spoken out about the years of abuse she endured . He imprisoned her in her own home for three months in Dubbo , NSW . After Mr Gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party . He refused to retire from parliament and vowed to take care of his family . Until now , the mother of his two children has been in hiding . The violence escalated after their second child . Mr Gordon has refused to comment on the allegations .


yahya rashid is a uk national from northwest london . he's charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism .


David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of `` Twin Peaks '' He said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show `` the way it needed to be done '' Showtime Network said they were `` saddened '' by Lynch 's decision .


Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Hibs have the easier run-in . Rangers are level on points with Hibs but have played a game less . Stuart McCall 's men still have two matches to play against title winners Hearts , including Sunday 's match at Ibrox .


tony mccoy is bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement . mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national and aintree is busy setting the scene to make sure it is one he never forgets . liverpool's royal liver building was lit up with a good luck message .


Image went viral after it was posted by user Bobitis on Reddit . The unnamed youth , from New York , knelt on a chair to reach whiteboard . The boy is the son of New York professor and drew map from memory .


Middlesbrough secure Championship play-off place with win over Wolves . Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford scores one and sets one up . Boro one point off automatic promotion with three matches to play .


The video shows two men and one woman entering the Los Angeles home . They 're seen tip-toeing through the house before entering another room . But then one suspect returns and looks straight at the camera before he ducks and knocks it down . The LAPD released the film in hopes it will help catch the burglars , described as being age 17 to 20 .


London-based Trotters has unveiled the ` New Born Baby Collection ' Range includes boy 's T-shirts and romper suits and smocked dresses . Kate apparently shopped at King 's Road store for George . George effect has boosted high street copy-cat sales . Royal baby number two , who is due next week , is likely to do the same .


Each year 300,000 people visit Salzburg to visit magical filming locations . The first tours started shortly after the film debuted 50 years ago . Buses emblazoned with The Sound of Music circle the city every day .


Johnson Wagner loses out to JB Holmes after second playoff hole . Jordan Spieth had crashed out on first hole after all three finish 16 under . Englishman Paul Casey is best-placed Brit , finishing four shots back .


Robin van Persie has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February . He came on as a substitute for the senior team against Everton on Sunday . Van Persie opened the scoring for United 's Under 21s at Craven Cottage . Joe Rothwell scored United 's second and third before half-time . Van Persie grabbed his second goal to secure the win for United .


Labour leader declines several times to say that his deputy would get job . Harman suggested it was sexist of Gordon Brown not to make her deputy . Miliband defends Labour 's pink bus touring country to woo women . Admits he would be hit by his plan for a Mansion Tax on £ 2million homes .


Padraig Harrington had fallen out of top 300 before winning Honda Classic . Irishman returns to the Masters after failing to qualify last year . The three times major winner tips Dustin Johnson to challenge Rory McIlroy at Augusta .


Billionaire Microsoft founder has defended meat eating in his latest blog . Green campaigners are pushing for global reduction in meat consumption . Climate studies say livestock emit more greenhouse gases than transport . Bill Gates says some environmental impacts of meat have been overstated .


Rajee Narinesingh , one of the victims of ` toxic tush doctor ` Oneal Ron Morris , stepped out showing her new face over the weekend . Rajee was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched . This after a 2005 procedure in which her cheeks , chin and lips were injected with cement and tire sealant .


Kayonna Cole filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles . She remains calm throughout the video , but later suffered a reaction to the spider 's venom . Kayonna said that the particular type of tarantula has low toxicity venom similar to that of a bee sting .


two police officers have sustained injuries after shutting down a huge 1000 person rave in sydney's east . police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the partygoers after the crowd became violent . a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .


Inverness defender Josh Meekings cleared to play in Scottish Cup Final . Charge of deliberate handball thrown out after 3-2 extra-time win against Celtic . However , he admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and was red-carded . SFA judicial panel decided it was not entitled to take matter further . But legal sources have told Sportsmail that the SFA 's prosecutor is entitled to cite


Irwin Horwitz is accused of threatening to fail his entire class. The professor at the Texas A&M University Galveston Campus expected a confrontation. The story went viral, and his name and employer are in the spotlight.


Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in the border town of Tijuana . The 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint . The sophisticated passageway was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system .


No injuries reported in blaze at six-alarm fire at Louisville appliance facility . Cause for fire , which has drawn 200 firefighters Friday morning , unknown . Fire department stretched thin as they also rescue flooded residents . Building , where up to 50 people would normally work , collapsed at 8.30 am . Facility makes appliances such as washing machines , dryers and fridges . Acid particles found in smoke near building , but not in downwind plume . Residents near plant told to close windows , shut off ventilation to outside .


Photographs taken after the 7.8-magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on Mount Everest on Saturday show the campsite buried beneath snow and belongings strewn across the mountain . Eighteen people were killed in the avalanche , including three Americans , and more than 60 were injured . Survivors recalled harrowing tales of being pummeled by snow and rocks as they prayed for their lives . The massive earthquake is believed to have killed at least 4,352 people across the region .


The girl, who has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner, is pregnant. She was 'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' in captivity. Around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer.


Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with Manchester United . The Argentine forward is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at Old Trafford on Sunday . He has hailed fellow South American Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby .


Asif Malik , 31 , Sara Kiran , 29 , and their four children last seen on April 7 . Left Slough , headed to Calais by ferry and then took train across Europe . They have three boys aged one , two and four , and a seven-year-old girl . Thames Valley Police ` extremely concerned for the safety of this family ' Anyone with information should call Thames Valley Police quoting reference 342 -LRB- 19/4 -RRB- .


Allie Davis , 21 , required her boyfriend to score at least 60 per cent to pass . She posted questions and his results to Twitter after he scored 80 per cent . Allie insists the stunt was n't entirely serious .


Liverpool midfielder Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new contract . He insists that it has nothing to do with money and wants to play regularly . Team-mate Daniel Sturridge feels that only Anfield can guarantee him this . Sturridge is bidding to return to form following a lengthy injury spell .


Fashion designer Collette Dinnigan has put her four-bedroom Paddington home on the market . The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate . The couple share their home with children Estella , 10 , and Hunter , 3 . The stunningly renovated property is set to go under the hammer on May 23 . The couple bought


Tesco announced a record annual loss of £ 6.38 billion yesterday . Drop in sales , one-off costs and pensions blamed for financial loss . Supermarket giant now under pressure to close 200 stores nationwide . Here , retail industry veterans , plus Mail writers , identify what went wrong .


Stoke striker Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season . The Stoke striker has been sidelined with a serious knee injury . Bojan has been keeping a close eye on England 's top-flight as he recovers in Barcelona . Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recuperates from the injury which ended his debut season with Stoke . Southampton 's Nathaniel Clyne is


olympique lyon beat bastia 2-0 at the stade de gerland on wednesday . substitute mohamed yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute . alexandre lacazette doubled lyon's advantage in the second half . lacazette is the top scorer in ligue 1 this season with 25 goals .


chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge . kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role . jose mourinho asked zouma to turn the match into a '10 against 10' .


Reports emerged on social media suggesting Mike Ashley was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks . Rangers have promised to investigate the claims . Ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £ 5m loan .


Temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees next week . Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow , Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days . It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for runners taking part in Sunday 's London Marathon .


Australian model agencies reveal new demand for social media following . Gigi Hadid and Mimi Elashiry are examples of models with huge followings . Clients demand models have a minimum of 10,000 followers . Models are learning to self-promote as part of their job . Agencies Chic and Viviens now have ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions .


Fifteen Baltimore police officers were injured Monday night in clashes with rioters angry over the death of Freddie Gray . While most the officers appeared peaceful in their control of the crowds , one officer was pictured lobbing a rock back at rioters .


rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a new psa promoting gender equality . the clip was created by the make it fair project .


preserved remains discovered in box by cleaners in trujillo, peru . mummy thought to date back to 1100 ad .


Five-month-old Elijah McCrae 's parents made a bucket list for their son . Baby Elijah tragically died with only one item ticked off on the list . His parents , Jessica Andrew , wanted to show their son the world . Little Elijah had the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy . The list included a trip to Queensland , a ferry ride and watching the sunset .


Micky Adams has left role at Prenton Park with just two games left to play . Tranmere fans called for Adams to leave the club after 3-0 loss by Oxford . Rovers are two points adrift of safety with just two games left to play .


Ba Van Nguyen was able to fly a CH-47 Chinook, the largest helicopter in the South Vietnamese army, with his three children and wife out of the city and into the South China Sea where they were all ultimately saved by the USS Kirk. Nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean.


Gina Maria Schumacher took part in an event in the German town of Kreuth . She appeared at the 2015 NRHA European Futurity Horse Show yesterday . Rode several different horses and wore a variety of cowboy-style outfits . Her father Michael remains under the care of medics at his home on Lake Geneva following a catastrophic ski accident in the Swiss Alps in 2013 .


Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor 's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce . The Poland international was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem . The 30-year-old is currently on loan from Werder Bremen .


Lewis Hamilton attended Nelson Mandela 's 90th birthday seven years ago . 30-year-old wanted to say hello to Hollywood actor Will Smith . F1 World Champion is a big fan of former show The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air .


Since 2012 taxpayer has forked out £ 15,500 for James Bowen 's flat . 36-year-old denied responsibility and claimed he told the council .


Zhou Qunfei born in poverty in rural China and started work on shop floor . Quickly promoted before she set up her own company at age of 22 . Her company went public on March 18 and her shares worth £ 4.9 billion . Patented scratch-persistent glass was inspired by rainfall on lotus leaves .


Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC . Global tour of the motoring show looked like it may face the axe . BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of latest series . But the presenter has now reached an agreement over the remaining live shows . Shows have been rebranded from Top Gear Live to Clarkson , Hammond and


President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S . Truman , who left office 62 years ago . In his first six years , Obama held just seven and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of Japan , on April 28 , and China , later in the year . A White House state dinner is the highest


Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended . When the following pictures were posted to Facebook , users theorized that the swarm was a mix of Blacktip and Spinner sharks .


Ashley is now starring in Lane Bryant 's I 'm No Angel campaign . She also has her own line of plus-size lingerie . The 27-year-old admitted that her first ever professional job was as an underwear model .


Eamon Sullivan proposed to girlfriend Naomi Bass in Kyoto , Japan . The pair were out for an evening walk when he dropped to one knee . Proposal took place under a cherry blossom tree filled with white doves . Pair met in Perth in 2011 , where they live with their three dogs . Sullivan previously dated fellow Olympic swimmer Stephanie Rice .


Wendy Wei Mei Wu has purchased the private 217 hectare Slipper Island . Her daughter claims her mother is undecided on future plans for the island . It offers two airstrips and six houses with ocean views and nearby beaches . The sale divided the Needham family , who owned the island for 45 years .


Simulation available on Oculus Rift shows plane crashing on water . Cries , screams and shouting heard as plane rapidly descends . Shows what happens if you make attempts to grab your luggage . Based on actual incident in 2009 when U.S. Airways Airbus A320 made successful landing in Hudson River with no casualties .


Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday . Quiana Jeffries is the champ 's personal chef . Jeffries has helped him with his strict organic food diet . The boxer 's most unhealthy food craving is ` fried hot dogs ... with barbecue sauce ' The 38-year-old chef charges around # 1,000 per meal . Jeffries also has to cope with


Russian intelligence chiefs took part in secret meeting with U.S. officials . Outlined three potential flashpoints that could lead to all-out nuclear war . Said attempts to return Crimea to Ukraine will be dealt with as an invasion . Also demanded Nato breaks up so called ` rapid response force ' in the Baltic and stops arming those fighting pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine .


Deputy leader Harriet Harman said policy would help millions of families . But proposal is likely to meet with backlash from some business leaders . Critics will argue firms can not cope with more rights for employees .


Bosses of over 5,000 small businesses sign a letter praising the Tories . Self-made candle entrepreneur Jo Malone among the bosses to sign . The signatories together employ nearly 100,000 people across the UK . A change to a Labour government the letter warns ` would be far too risky '


Swiss town of Zermatt bans tourists taking pictures of St Bernard dogs . Comes after Swiss Animal Protection Agency into miserable conditions the dogs are kept in . The report says they are locked up in a condemned building or made to stand in the cold for hours at a time .


Anti-immigrant protests have been ongoing in South Africa for two weeks and at least six people have been killed . Carol Lloyd was injured after rocks were thrown at and smashed her car window as she drove near to Jeppestown . Foreign nationals have been loading trucks with their wares as they flee Johannesburg and neighbouring towns . Protesters are angry about foreigners in the country when unemployment is high and wealth is n't distributed equally .


the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000 . another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops .


Monaco host Juventus in the quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night . The Italians hold a slender 1-0 lead from the first leg in Turin last week . The squad were put through their paces on Tuesday ahead of the clash . Dimitar Berbatov is confident Monaco can progress to the semi-final .


Police seized Rafi , 10 , and Dvora , 6 , in a Maryland park on Sunday and their parents say they were n't reunited by CPS for hours . Scientists Danielle and Alexander Meitiv believe in ` free range parenting ' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy . The Meitivs were found guilty of neglect in March . After Sunday 's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .


Wigan secured their first away win of the Super League season . Joe Burgess scored three of the Warriors ' seven tries . Wigan climb above St Helens into second place , at least for 24 hours .


Sabino Matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife . Jessica Bialek , 37 , was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning , around 8.30 am . The mother-of-one was on the way to the bank at 8.30 am . Police have confirmed she was home after police launched an investigation . She has been speaking with police about her disappearance


UK poll shows no clear winner in the election debate. The result was a shouting match between David Cameron and Ed Miliband. Miliband was the clear winner in an anti-politics debate, says David Cameron.


Lewis Ferguson lost his balance as he approached the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton . The 18-year-old rider 's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots . Ferguson is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory .


slate political correspondent john dickerson was announced as the new host on sunday after veteran broadcaster bob schieffer announced his retirement last week . schieffer, 78, has worked for cbs since 1969 . he is expected to make his first appearance on the show this summer .


Baron the German Shepherd was trained at the Hillcountry K9 School . He was filmed using the toilet as he lifted up the toilet seat . He then ho up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover . Once he 's finished , he puts down both the toilet seats and flushes .


Making calls and using the internet abroad results in very large bills . With Three 's Feel At Home lets visitors use their phones at no extra cost . It covers 18 countries including 10 in Europe .


Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province , north of Baghdad . The 72-year-old headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group , an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS . He was one of Saddam 's most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup .


the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of santa cruz at around 3pm last friday . he handed the cashier a note demanding money . his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name .


BMW Mini made the concept Augmented Vision goggles with Qualcomm . Give wearers X-ray vision when parking and pop-up data on the dashboard . Elvis-style glasses are also designed to be worn out of the car . There 's no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale .


Barcelona struggle to 1-0 La Liga victory against Celta Vigo . Jeremy Mathieu gave Barcelona 1-0 lead with second half header . Orellana shown red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets . Luis Suarez shown a yellow card for diving by referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido .


Reform proposal would give Hong Kongers right to vote for their next leader in 2017 . But candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-Beijing committee . Pro-democracy legislators have vowed to veto proposal .


Main roads in Holborn are closed more than 24 hours after fire broke out . More than 1,000 buildings remain without power as a result of the blaze . Local businesses , government offices and tourist attractions are closed . Commuters have been warned to avoid the area as witnesses describe long queues of buses .


Dai Young wants to reform the current salary cap in English top flight . It means Premiership clubs are struggling to compete with French . Young 's Wasps side lost 32-18 to Toulon in Champions Cup last eight . Only Saracens made it through to the last four from England .


King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands is celebrating his 48th birthday . Took part in a water-borne procession along a canal in Dordrecht . Was joined by his glamorous wife , Queen Maxima , and their daughters . The 43-year-old Queen was resplendent in a cheerful raspberry get-up . King 's Day - or Koningsdag - is a national holiday in the Netherlands . Celebrations include ` King 's Parties ' and eating lots of tompouce pastries .


the james webb space telescope is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe . jwst is scheduled to launch in october 2018 on an ariane 5 rocket from french guiana . the telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters (about 270 square feet) and a golf ball of gold .


Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission . Rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York . Jacare Souza beat Chris Camozzi in the co-main event . Souza also wants a middleweight title shot .


Dangelo Conner , from New York , was messing around with stun gun . Zapped the air and a Coke can before deciding to use on metal bracelet . Shocked jewelry while he was holding it , sending current into his body . Is shown collapsing and twitching while his friends watch and laugh .


a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . she kept what van ryn did to her a secret, but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .


Japanese species of fish found inside the remains of floating vessel . Latest of one million tons of debris dispersed in the Pacific by tsunami . Oregon authorities plan to tow the 25-ft piece of fiberglass . 18,000 died in the disaster with waves reaching 128-ft above sea level .


Arsenal forward Olivier Giroud has scored 18 goals this season . Gunners boss Arsene Wenger praised animal instincts of Frenchman . Arsenal remain 10 points behind leaders Chelsea in the title race . READ : Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil needs to produce in big games . Francis Coquelin : Giroud CAN lead Arsenal to the Premier League title .


Many little amusement parks are set up in the slum areas of Pakistan on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi . The rides include merry-go-rounds , trampolines , carousels and basic swings . Children who have been forced out of their villages due to fighting shriek with delight whilst enjoying the rides .


Models like Cindy Crawford and Jerry Hall were huge stars in 80s and 90s . They walked for all of the biggest designers , including Chanel and Armani . Their daughters are now becoming the toast of the fashion world . FEMAIL looks at the new breed of supermodel daughters .


Pellegrini is feeling the heat after Man City 's 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace . The result left Man City nine points behind Chelsea in Premier League . The last four managers to win title have left their posts soon after . Jose Mourinho 's first spell at Chelsea abruptly ended in 2007 . Carlo Ancelotti suffered similar fate year after title success . Roberto Mancini was shown door by City 12 months after first league title . Sir Alex Ferguson retired after winning a 13th Premier League at United . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .


The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices . You can get a taste of the south with a Bar-B-Que or Classic Chicken sandwich for $ 2.05 . Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months . The Irishman was spotted with a rubber band wrapped around his knees . Sergio Garcia finished with a 69 , a four-shot improvement on round


Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team . The Brazilian won the competition three times with Real Madrid . Carlos opts for a number of former team-mates including Zinedine Zidane . His compatriots Ronaldo , Cafu and Ronaldinho also make the cut . Carlos also decides to pick himself because of his free-kick prowess .


Designs made from real gold were shown on the catwalk in Xi'an China . Models strutted their stuff in underwear and a shirt made from gold . The items cost around £ 40,000 each but are not intended for sale .


The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.


Italian Navy 's `` Mare Nostrum '' mission to rescue would-be migrants in peril rescued an estimated 100,000 people . Operation ended in October 2014 , but the tide of people trying to cross the Mediterranean has not abated . Italy has borne brunt of task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants .


` Black Mass ' is a $ 65 million crime thriller set to be released in September . Steven Davis says it glamorizes Bulger 's crimes and profits from the tragedy of his victims . His sister , Debra Davis , was allegedly killed by Bulger in 1981 . However the jury returned a ` no finding ' verdict at Bulger 's murder trial .


Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. Phelps is back in Arizona, where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on DUI charges in his hometown of Baltimore last September.


Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen . It was the Briton 's third victory in four races so far this season . Hamilton extended his lead in the championship to 27 points over Nico Rosberg . Sebastian Vettel finished third and Daniel Ricciardo fourth .


Lowenbrau Keller has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'


Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-final . Pep Guardiola 's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game . Abola report on Porto 's ` terror in Munich ' while Record lead with ` disaster ' Mundo Deportivo lead with a 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp .


Thousands were stranded on trains for up to five hours. One commuter described conditions as 'like being held hostage' Passengers were stuck between stations in South London. London Victoria station earlier this evening after a power cut.


Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series . He asked Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying ` G'day mate , how you going ? One man in Austin , Texas was convinced Murray said ` Get out -LRB- of -RRB- my nightgown '


Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage at CNN. She's a lifelong Catholic. She's never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.


Final troop pullout oddly detached as U.S. military operations die down in Afghanistan . Ambitious projects , like a police logistics center in Jalalabad , may not live up to their potential .


Nicholas Figueroa , 23 , and Moises Locon , 26 , both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast . Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion , with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings . In August utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped .


John Burns has come out to deny he called footy player a ` terrorist ' The 3AW host allegedly made the comments against Bachar Houli . Houli became the first Muslim man to play top league AFL in 2006 . He is the multicultural ambassador for the AFL . John Burns says he does n't recall the comments being made . He said he is ` mortified ' by the allegations .


The five members of China 's Women 's Rights Action Group were detained last month . They will be under police surveillance for a year . `` Free the five '' became a Twitter hashtag .


Nick Clegg 's wife wears colourful ensemble tonight to London ceremony . Pictured with likes of Daisy Lowe and Kelly Hoppen at Goldsmiths ' Hall . Bright pink , long-sleeved dress covered in bright blooms at LDNY show . Had £ 560 Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps .


Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 to advance to Champions Cup semis . Racing were unhappy about a challenge on Maxime Machenaud . Saracens flanker Jacques Burger has been cited for the tackle .


Cleopatra, the Egyptian queen, famously bathed in donkey-milk baths. The goddesses of Ancient Greece strove to achieve a pale complexion and made honey and olive oil-based concoctions to achieve this. The ladies of ancient India used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime and were said to treat problem skin.


Margaret and Gary Mazan found guilty of animal cruelty. Their 14 Red Setters were seized by RSPCA inspectors. The animals had matted fur and were dehydrated.


The teardrop-shaped island was ravaged by the tsunami in 2004 . The holiday industry there is recovered and expanding with new hotels . See the Uda Walawe nature reserve elephants and tea plantations in Kandy .


Renner showed off his vocal skills . He sang an Ed Sheeran hit .


The sister of murdered hairdresser said her sibling visited several women 's shelters every day but was refused a room . Leila Alavi was found in dead in a car at a Sydney shopping centre carpark . She was working when she reportedly received a phone call and left . A colleague found the 26-year-old stabbed to death on Saturday morning . Court papers allege she was killed with a pair of scissors . Her estranged husband was charged with murder and refused bail .


eric cantona believes manchester united are 'kings of the city' again . united beat manchester city 2-0 in the derby at old trafford on sunday . the former united captain believes louis van gaal can take them to the title . cantona was speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai on tuesday .


Fire breaks out at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville , Kentucky . City official : No is believed to be injured or trapped .


Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January. Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Simeone reportedly told Ancelotti that life in Madrid would be a lot easier if Atletico weren't around.


A new Kansas law bans what it describes as `` dismemberment abortion '' Supporters say it 's a groundbreaking step . Opponents say it 's dangerous and politically motivated .


Sponge Bobby was found with breathing difficulties in November . The six-month-old female seal was released into the wild in March . Experts believe she was struck by a boat or a jet-ski off Dorset the coast . The young seal had travelled more than 200 miles since her March release .


Twiggy , 65 , models new summer range for high street store . Takes inspiration from 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . Says she has never had cosmetic surgery but has n't ruled it out . Admits she is ` totally against Botox '


Inter Milan held 1-1 by bottom-of-the-table Parma in Serie A on Saturday . Roberto Mancini cancels players ' day off after criticising attitude . Inter Milan players will now report for training early on Easter Sunday .


A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins University, the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar experiment in Guatemala from 1945 to 1956. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases. The subjects were not told they'd been infected, causing some to die and others to pass the disease to their spouses, sexual partners and children.


RAF jets escorted two Russian military aircraft close to UK airspace . The Typhoons were scrambled from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland . HMS Argyle also monitoring three Russian ships in English Channel . It comes at a time of heightened tension between Britain and Russia .


Leicester City are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the Premier League . Esteban Cambiasso has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career . The Argentinian midfielder says keeping Leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . The Foxes have not won a game since January . They face West Ham United at Upton Park on Saturday . The former Real


Savage swan nicknamed Asbaby attacked punters on The Backs area of River Cam in Cambridge over Easter . Mr Asbo , the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers . Asbaby seen getting close to tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from bottles and trying to steal handbag . Swan , which still has many brown baby feathers , said to be son of Asboy - which has also terrorised punters .


Tory party chairman accused of doctoring Wikipedia pages to promote himself . He is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page . Also accused of putting unflattering updates on pages of others including Justine Greening and Lynton Crosby . Mr Shapps has denied the claims calling them an ` extreme dirty tricks campaign '


Morgan Schneiderlin ruled out for rest of the season with ligament damage . Southampton midfielder suffered injury in draw with Tottenham . Manager Ronald Koeman admitted he may have played last game for club . Schneiderlin has been linked with moves to Arsenal and Tottenham . Saints travel to relegation-threatened Sunderland at the weekend .


Cyclist Wang Pingan had his cycle stolen just days before completing an epic ride around China . Locked bike was stolen outside an electronics market in Shenzhen , Guandong Province . Wang had vowed to complete his journey by foot , but police managed to recover it against the odds .


NEW This is a multistate outbreak `` occurring over several years , '' the CDC says . CDC says 3 people died from bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell . `` We are heartbroken about this situation , '' Blue Bell CEO and president says .


James Webster targeted female shoppers at the Lidl store in Maidenhead, Berkshire. He was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper. Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera.


Nyia Parler , 41 , allegedly left her 21-year-old son in woods on Monday and traveled to Maryland where she was taken into custody early Sunday . Her son was found under rain-soaked pile of leaves on Friday night and police say he would have died if passers-by had n't spotted him . He was lying on the ground 10 feet from his wheelchair and a Bible .


Jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder to give Elche a 1-0 win against Real Sociedad in La Liga on Monday night. The striker took advantage of some poor control and hesitation by Sociedad midfielder Markel Bergara to steal the ball before racing away unchallenged to score his 10th goal of the season. Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side but shot over the bar on the half-hour mark.


Teacher Adam Galloway got home and found Nikon on eBay just 35 minutes before end of auction . He messaged seller who admitted he worked for Ryanair and begged him not to report him to police . Seller has sold 118 items on eBay including Ray-Ban sunglasses and Skullcandy headphones . Steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu ordered to attend drug rehabilitation when sentenced for theft .


Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck . Social media has helped people overseas tracked down their loved ones in Nepal . Technology has helped those stranded after the quake reach out for help .


kenneth stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina . he allegedly walked into the building at 8am on monday with a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot . police identified the victim as rodney lane, a long-time employee at the college's print shop . it is not known whether stancil and lane are connected or related .


Valencia were held to a 1-1 draw by Athletic Bilbao after Aritz Aduriz netted . Getafe boosted survival chances with 1-0 win over strugglers Elche . Felipe Caicedo scored a brace in Espanyol 's 3-0 defeat of Villarreal .


Mui Thomas, 22, has rare genetic condition that leaves her face and body red raw and open to infection. She was abandoned at birth, and her parents fostered her when she was just one and a half years old. Taught to bathe twice, she must apply cream to stop her skin drying out.


Shanice Farier , 22 , stole £ 15,336 between October 2012 and February 2013 . Court heard she was paid a decent salary and got handouts from her father . Farier told her probation officers that taking the money was ` just too easy ' Judge ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work in the Derby community .


Pensions Minister Steve Webb has now urged people to take their time. He is the Pensions Minister who famously said we should be free to blow our life savings on a Lamborghini. But after liberating a nation to spend their money as they wish, Steve Webb has now urged people to take their time.


Katherine Hadsell says she 's eager for police in Norfolk to give ` more insight into what they 're actually doing ' to find 18-year-old Anjelica Hadsell . The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished . Police just this past week focused their search on a pond near Carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface . Meanwhile , the family says they 've been left in the dark about how , exactly , police were led to the pond in the first place .


Farhina Touseef travels the country administering the free vaccine to kids . The Taliban has labelled it a ` bio-weapon ' and attacks those who supply it . Polio , which was once almost eradicated in Pakistan , is on the rise again .


Rickie Lambert is likely to miss out when Liverpool play Arsenal . Rickie Fowler has been urged to develop a nasty streak at Augusta . Phil Jones - can Louis van Gaal find his perfect position ? Roberto Mancini has a huge Italian job on his hands at Inter Milan . But he probably enjoyed coverage of the Cricket World Cup in the paper .


9 indicted on organized crime charges related to bourbon thefts . Employees at two Kentucky distilleries among those indicted .


Julia Van Herck used to binge on tubs of ice cream and family-sized pizzas . Mum-of-three blamed post-natal blues and ` not talking ' to her husband . Wake-up call came in 2011 when a bout of pneumonia knocked her for six . Weight-loss surgery followed and now Julia weighs just 11 stone .


Hollie Tillbrook, 17, had collapsed in Basildon, Essex. Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level. Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her life-saving CPR.


Tiger Woods : ` Have fun , enjoy it , and do n't win . No matter what ' Woods made it a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side , and his children , Charlie and Sam , caddying for him . Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004 . CLICK HERE for all the latest from the Masters 2015 .


Watford took the lead after just four minutes through Odion Ighalo . Defender Matthew Connolly doubled the Hornets ' advantage . Almen Abdi scored a third following Gary Gardner 's goal for the home side . Watford climbed to third , one point off top spot in the Championship .


Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight . Bachmann : `` With his Iran deal , Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the United States what Andreas Lubitz was for the 150 souls on the German Wings flight ''


An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $ 2.5 million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal . The trader bought 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them . The trader paid $ 36 a share , and the call option was a mere 35 cents as options on the stock were


Protesters rally at Baltimore City Hall on Thursday , and another march is planned for Saturday . Police say when Freddie Gray saw police on April 12 , he started running , police say . `` In this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . You just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop , '' police say . Investigators still have


Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived . However , this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant-with triplets . While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly , Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator . The baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5 lbs but they ` re set


Harry Kane wants to play for England 's Under 21s side at the European Championships . Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to be rested at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the Czech Republic . Spurs and England have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement .


Clinton N'Jie gave Lyon the lead but Max Gradel equalised from the spot . Lindsay Rose was sent off for the home side inside the opening half-hour . Romain Hamouma put St-Etienne ahead but Christophe Jallet hit back . Lyon are level on points with champions PSG who have a game in hand .


Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in their Champions League tie on Tuesday . Result saw Bayern win quarter-final encounter 7-4 on aggregate . It was the first-time Porto had reached that stage since the 2008-09 season .


South Korean authorities say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks . The 2013 attack , known as `` Dark Seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters . `` It would try to delete essentially all your files ... then restart the system , '' a digital forensic expert says . The latest high-profile digital incursion


`` I rate this as No. 1 on my list of things in my life that I regret , '' Robert Bates tells `` Today '' He says he did n't mean to kill Eric Harris and rejects claims his training records were forged . `` I still ca n't believe it happened , '' Bates tells the NBC show .


Family, politicians, and relatives of those who died in police custody attend funeral. Gray, 25, died in police custody 15 days ago after being arrested on weapons charge. Gray's death in custody is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving African-Americans and law enforcement.


Jennifer McGirr, 61, said abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel were shattered. She also claimed to have had a stream of abusive phone calls since starring on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed' She said she answered the phone in the middle of the night and could hear only the sound of someone breathing.


Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals . The two sides drew 0-0 in the first leg at the Vicente Calderon last week . Real have not beaten Atletico since last season 's Champions League final . Diego Simeone 's men have won four of their seven meetings this season .


Marc Wabafiyebazu , 15 , bragged to officials that he and Jean , 17 , would go on raids together around Canada . The pair were ` buying $ 5,000 of marijuana ' when Jean was shot dead . Marc may be charged with his brother 's murder under Florida law . Details have emerged of their indulgent life driving mother 's BMW in Miami . Their mother is Roxanne Dube , the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami . They had driven to a house with friend Joshua White , 17 , who also died . Gunfire erupted soon after they entered , Marc was in the car at the time . Alleged dealer Anthony Rodriguez , 19 , was wounded . He was also arrested on charges of felony murder .


Council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss, East Yorkshire. Owner David Crossfield, 52, of Elvington, North Yorkshire, also admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. Officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.


The woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down' in Orange County, California. The woman was arrested for DUI. The chase finally came to an end when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of her SUV.


Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt , 30 , on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel . According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday , she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's Metro SmarTrip card . Her roommate-and alleged girlfriend-19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of


Protests in South Carolina have been calm compared to the violence in Ferguson . North Charleston 's mayor says hundreds of body cameras will be on officers . It took six days for Ferguson police to identify Darren Wilson , who was not wearing a camera .


Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had posted 'effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'. The message, posted last Sunday night, was deleted by Monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents. Restaurant later posted an apology on the page saying that the 'hate'


Michael Munday posted a series of tweets for the love of his life Melissa . The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend . Mr Munday has about 23k followers while others remain concerned . He wrote on his Twitter page that he believes he deserves a second chance . But some are n't convinced and describe act as ` creepy and inappropriate ' He has asked for retweets to help show that he deserves second chance .


evansville in comanche county, kansas, was home to a post office, a grocery store and even a school house in 1870s and 80s . but now, town is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in state of disrepair . however, it is still home to rancher larry 'dee' scherich and his wife, phyllis, who tend to site's numerous cattle .


Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence. Koeltl also noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers'


Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .


jeremy clarkson will appear on satirical panel show have i got news for you . he will appear as a guest presenter on the show on april 25 . clarkson was dropped from top gear by the bbc on march 25 . he was sacked after a 'fracas' with producer oisin tymon over a steak dinner .


Jessa , 22 , and her husband Ben Seewald , 19 , revealed earlier this month that they are expecting their first child in November . The couple are known to be incredibly passionate about health and fitness . Jessa 's older sister Jill , who gave birth earlier this month , remained very active throughout her pregnancy .


Hilary Wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism during labour . She had a cardiac arrest and ` died ' for 11 minutes as her son was born . Was given a 30 % chance of survival but thankfully woke up 4 days later . Had no memory of being pregnant or giving birth after she woke up .


Raheem Sterling was filmed inhaling laughing gas less than two weeks ago . Saido Berahino was another England starlet filmed inhaling ` hippy crack ' Jack Grealish inspired Aston Villa to their FA Cup semi-final win on Sunday . The 19-year-old has seemingly been caught inhaling from a balloon .


Honza and Claudine Lafond are yoga teachers based in Sydney . They travel the world to teach yoga , showing off their flexibility by striking impressive yoga poses wherever they go . Run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond , specialising in AcroVinyasa , which incorporates acrobatic flying .


Ander Herrera put Manchester United ahead just before half-time with a low left-footed effort . Wayne Rooney doubled United 's lead with a beautiful half-volley on 79 minutes at Old Trafford . Christian Benteke pulled one back for the visitors a minute later after a rare David de Gea error . Herrera added a third in the closing stages of the first half to complete the scoreline for the Red Devils . PLAYER RATINGS - Herrera shines as Louis van Gaal 's side triumph to move above Manchester City into third .


Drive began on March 22 near San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge . Car arrived in New York City today - before auto show opens on April 3 . Drive used a specially adapted Audi SQ5 and drove itself 90 % of the time .


Claudia Martins convicted of the manslaughter of her newborn baby girl . The 33-year-old killed the infant by filling its mouth with toilet paper . Convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . Avoids jail as judge says she suffered ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning '


liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . steven gerrard is aiming to end his liverpool career in the final . martin skrtel says gerrard is still one of the best players in the world . skrtel believes liverpool can overcome the challenge of replacing gerrard .


Classic FM DJ and former ITN presenter 's wife Bonnie died on April 15 . Suchet , 71 , described Bonnie said marriage was ` made in heaven ' He had been open about her dementia diagnosis and wrote a book about it .


Muhammadu Buhari, the former president of Nigeria, defeated his former party in the presidential election. He campaigned on a promise to end military rule and make Nigeria more transparent. The election was largely predicted to be violent and many Nigerians feared the worst.


The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud. A witness claimed the girl suffered grazing and a possible fracture, and was limping after the incident. Police have already spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations.


Head of Libyan army tells CNN Libyan authorities have not been consulted . Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libya will `` look after '' its interests . Solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says .


Raquel D ` Apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey , created Yelp Reviews of Newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today . The website was written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five . NewMom417 noted that her ` extremely


Millie Marotta 's book , Animal Kingdom , features detailed line illustrations . The £ 3.99 book is currently # 1 on Amazon 's Top 100 Books list . The 36-year-old illustrator resides and works in Tenby , Wales .


Judge Jerry Baxter called the cheating scandal ` the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town ' as he sentenced the teachers on Tuesday . All but one of the 10 former Atlanta public school educators were sentenced to jail time . The judge had encouraged all of the accused to negotiate deals , but only two agreed and received lighter sentences . The remaining eight received harsher sentences , ranging from one to seven years in jail .


tavon watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail . florida highway patrol sgt kim montes revealed tuesday that the guardrail damaged the italian car on the east side of the passenger door . fhp is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite, clockwise direction of the guardrails .


Xabi Alonso has been in fine form for Bayern Munich . Robert Lewandowski ensured Bayern beat Dortmund on Saturday . Pep Guardiola 's side are top of the Bundesliga by 10 points .


Underweight people are also more likely to be diagnosed with Alzheimers . Obese person is 30 per cent less likely to get dementia than healthy person . This could help scientists develop new treatments , researchers have said .


Kenne Worthen was arrested on Friday after some of his students told staff ` he was having inappropriate contact with one of their classmates ' The married father of one ` started flirting with the girl last August and asked for her mother 's permission for her to remain behind after school ' They ` kept in contact out of school by messaging on Google Hangouts ' The girl and Worthen ` both admitted to the relationship ' and he now faces sexual exploitation and child molestation charges .


richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice after battling skin cancer . he passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral . benaud was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television .


Survivor Jeff Bauman stresses `` we will never replace the lives that were lost '' A man who was at the finish line is glad Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is now a `` convicted killer '' `` Justice has been served today , '' says a once wounded police officer .


Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont was one of just seven pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle . He believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck and carried it with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight . He was known as one of ` The Few ' , which comes from Winston Churchill 's famous phrase : ` Never , in the field of human conflict , was so much owed by so many to so few ' When Fl Lt Beaumonte died in 1997 , his bear - suffering from a little wear and tear - was passed to his family .


albert webb, 51, and sons jimmy chuter, 26, and jesse webb, 19, jailed for eight years . they harassed pensioners with dementia in the street, demanding money . if they had no money, they would drive them to a cash point or steal from them . gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in february 2012, when pensioners still able to withdraw cash from their local post office .


Cristiano Ronaldo bagged five goals in 9-1 victory against Granada . Karim Benzema scored twice for Carlo Ancelotti 's Real Madrid side . Benzema believes Ronaldo ` deserves everything he has achieved '


Rabea Darduna 's Gaza home was destroyed last year ; he sold his door to bring in some money . On Thursday , Gaza police seized the door , which had originally been sold for $ 175 U.S. . Some of Banksy 's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars .


Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for the journalist who died at last summer 's World Cup . UEFA have charged Guardiola for an ` incident of a non-sporting nature '


Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling rejected a £ 90,000-a-week contract . The England international has been criticised by his own supporters . But Sterling insists he pays no attention and is fully focused on his football .


Tim Stanley : Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . He 's an ex-dictator , but there 's reason for optimism . He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of Boko Haram . Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .


South Sydney secured a bitter 18-17 victory after a last-gasp penalty . Bulldogs were leading until the referee awarded Rabbitohs a late penalty . Rabbitohs converted the penalty and went on to win the game . As officials made their way off the field , they were pelted with missiles . One of the officials was taken to hospital with broken shoulder . Canterbury coach has apologised for the actions of his club 's supporters . Bulldogs CEO said the club has called for a life ban on fans involved . Police have identified two people for allegedly throwing bottles . Inquiries to identify others involved in the attack are continuing .


Simba went missing in early March in the town of Meckenheim , Germany . His owner 's neighbour heard scratching in her bathroom four weeks later . The pet was freed by firefighters and is now starting to put weight back on .


Amit Yadav was driving his red Honda Civic up to 25 miles over speed limit . Yadav lost control of his car and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo . Two passengers - brothers Haider , 20 , and Taimur Kayani , 17 - were killed . Yadav was found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving in February .


Mahendra Bavishi is joint director of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. . His son Manish , 38 , who lives in London , usually runs business full-time . 69-year-old said robbers almost certainly had some inside information . Mr Bavishi expressed his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault .


ramalinga raju is jailed for seven years and fined $804,000, police say . he was the former chairman of software services exporter satyam computers services .


Homes such as these in China are known as ` nail houses ' because they are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail . One house in Wenling , Zhejiang province , had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move . Another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site in Chongqing Municipality .


Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster , Worcestershire , in 1943 . Worked as the only woman in the site 's laboratory between 1943 and 1945 . The 91-year-old spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines . Drakelow became known as Drakelow Tunnels for its network of underground passageways . Site was one of 26 ` shadow


The scantily-clad strippers danced around the casket at Mr Jian 's funeral . Dancers were booked by deceased 's wife as a final gift to her husband . Tradition for exotic dancers at funerals began is linked to Taiwanese mafia .


Manchester City play Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday . Sergio Aguero says scoring in the derby is enough to give you shivers . The Argentine has scored six goals against Man United since joining City . Aguero described Man Utd striker Radamel Falcao as one of the most naturally gifted players in world football . Aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the Premier League .


Felix the cat disappeared after he escaped his plastic crate at JFK Airport . Owner Jennifer Stewart said the crate was badly damaged in transit . She is calling for better policies and procedures for the transport of pets . Etihad said it is working with ground handlers and ` specialists ' to find Felix .


The comedian , who died suddenly at 56 last year , failed to leave a valid will . Could mean complications for wife , Barbara , and their three adult children . His £ 1.2 million estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds .


Comics at the BBC must go through lengthy process to get jokes on air . Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall . This is because the Corporation is extra-wary about causing offence . Comes after ` difficult few years ' following Sachsgate scandal .


The jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne . The private jet experience does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £ 63,000 a trip . The jet , including the staff and crew , is also available for private charter .


italian photographer giovanna griffo, 42, was in iceland to capture the northern lights in all their glory . led a group of students to vik and hella in the south of iceland where they were lucky enough to be blown away by the storm . griffo has a particular affinity with the night sky - and not just the aurora borealis but locations in her own country too .


Moussa Sissoko sent off during Newcastle 's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool . The French midfielder was booked twice but could 've received straight red . Sissoko lunged in on Lucas and left his foot on the Brazilian 's ankle . John Carver has no complaints with the sending off .


Andy Murray and long-time girlfriend Kim Sears will tie the knot in the Scottish town of Dunblane on Saturday . The British No 1 and his partner met when they were teenagers at the US Open in New York in 2005 . Murray and Sears confirmed their engagement last November after more than nine years together .


President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday . He met the world-class sprinter when they did his signature pose . Obama also gave a special mention to triple-world champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce and Bolt while speaking during town hall meeting .


cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter's hospital in chertsey, surrey, last year . but she died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts of medics . mother kirsty lee, 25, and ex-boyfriend alistair bowen, 35, appeared in court . pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child .


Brits arrested on Turkey-Syria border and are now in custody . Nine people tried to enter Syria illegally , according to local media . The arrested Brits are three men , two women and four children .


Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury . The Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday . Tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee . The news comes as Real Madrid wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale 's calf injury . Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on


8.9 per cent of Americans have impulsive anger issues and access to guns . 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners carry weapons in public . Study by three universities interviewed more than 5,000 men and woman . Comes in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the US .


The mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager is speaking out as her son is behind bars for the the shooting death of Walter Scott . Karen Sharpe defended her son , saying she could not imagine him ever murdering someone and that he loved being a police officer . She also revealed that Slager 's pregnant wife is devastated about what has happened as she is set to give birth next month . Sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident . She also expressed sympathy for the Scott family , noting this event has caused them both to ` change forever ' Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing .


Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . Every two years it appears ` bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface . The sun was already known to have an 11-year solar cycle . When the two combine it can create amplified and dangerous storms .


Footage shows groups of captives in jumpsuits executed at 2 locations , narrator says . Video makes numerous references to Christians failing to pay tax or tribute to Muslims .


Lucas holds record of playing more Liverpool games without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . Liverpool face Aston Villa in FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . FA Cup final next month could be Steven Gerrard 's last Liverpool game .


Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. But despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match. The actor is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.


Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 . The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against Reus . Reus has been heavily linked with a move away from Dortmund .


The billboard erected in Kenosha , Wisconsin , features the smiling face of officer Pablo Torres after he shot dead Aaron Siler , 26 , last month . Torres is currently on leave while an investigation is being held into the deadly shooting . Siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down . The Kenosha Professional Police Association claims the billboard is simply to thank the local community for its support . Torres shot another men 10 days before Siler killing .


Alaska Airlines flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. The unnamed Seattle Airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags.


Case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape . 2 students from Troy University in Alabama are charged in the case .


X Factor finalist Ella Henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand Batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the 2015 ` Ready For It ' campaign . This will mark the star 's first brand collaboration and her first endorsement .


Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday . Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United . The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti 's side . Barcelona take on Paris Saint-Germain in the second leg on Tuesday night . Marco Verratti and Zlatan Ibrahimovic are back after missing the first leg . Juventus take on Monaco in Europe 's


Robert Clark was a soldier in the Second World War. He was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942. He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland.


New Zealand Police Commissioner Mike Bush confirmed Taylor was 'known to New Zealand authorities' and that this was not his first attempt at publicly 'airing his views' Taylor urged fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers. The video has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities.


Man United and Man City have over 8million followers each on Weibo . Both clubs have more followers on the Chinese website than Twitter . Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao are the third most followed club . Barcelona are fourth , but Real Madrid are down in 18th place . Five Premier League clubs feature in the top 12 on Weibo . Interactive map on Twitter followers around the world .


H.M. Prasetyo praises firing squad that carried out Bali pair 's executions . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were killed on Wednesday morning . ` These executions were carried out smoothly and in order , ' Prasetyo says . Hundreds take to social media to urging people to #BoycottIndonesia . Tony Abbott will withdraw Australia 's ambassador to Indonesia . Indonesia 's AG dismissed the move as a ` momentary reaction ' Chan and Sukumaran were executed 12:25 am local time . Julie Bishop has n't ruled out cutting Australian aid to Indonesia in protest .


raising retirement age is unfair on scottish pensioners, nicola sturgeon said . snp demanded the retirement age be frozen in a move which would cost billions . she said rising retirement age was unfair because scots don't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country .


The fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January . Chipotle only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones . The restaurant 's pigs also need access to the outdoors and living spaces with large supplies of straw for their meat .


Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7 : 30 am on Thursday . The 13-year-old never made it to class and her father reported her missing . Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa 's family with the investigation . Police are holding out hope that the teenager was with friends . There were unconfirmed sightings of the teenager in the Merrylands area .


SpaceX wants to launch a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft. The company hopes to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform. The rocket will then try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform.


National Union of Teachers expected to call for a vote on industrial action . Ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after general election . Fears funding cuts will lead to redundancies in schools .


Arsenal host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday . Martin Skrtel is suspended for the game after stamping on David de Gea . Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace him . Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud will be licking his lips to score .


Jack Rivera , a New York trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday . Footage shows the driver of a black SUV , identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on


isis claims to control part of iraq's largest oil refinery . iraqi security officials deny isis' claim .


Ines Dumig 's photo series `` Apart Together '' follows a Somali refugee living in Germany . The underlying themes include isolation and `` otherness '' and the search for human dignity .


The Bionic Bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas. Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors. Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner last week set sail on its maiden voyage.


Mystery man wandered into Polish Embassy yesterday with no memory . The only clue to his identity is a distinctive flower tattoo on his right arm . He ca n't recall his own name , how he lost his memory or came to be in UK . All he could remember that he was from Poland and his daughter Lenka .


Nearly 60 % of the people in America 's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time . Writers : Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules . They say major chains use `` just-in-time '' scheduling to maximize profit , which creates stressful work environments .


Jenrry Mejia suspended for 80 New York Mets games without pay . Mejia tested positive for banned substance stanozolol . 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July .


Oriol Romeu is on a season-long loan at Stuttgart from Chelsea . The Spanish midfielder predicts the scores in Saturday 's matches . Romeu goes head-to-head with Sportsmail 's Martin Keown .


Musk unveiled Powerwall device at press conference in California . Daily use version will be able to store 7 kilowatt-hours of electricity . It will let users store renewable energy , or pay lower , off-peak rates . Also revealed a larger model which is a ` infinitely scalable system '


Jessica Knight, four, has an unusual appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings. Doctors say they are unable to treat the child until she is six years old. Jessica suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances.


Bournemouth move four points clear of Brighton at the top of the Championship. Callum Wilson put the Cherries 2-0 ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute. Yann Kermorgant grabbed a second-half free-kick to extend the lead.


ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire, as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending . organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car . mr farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him .


The prodigious pumpkins were transported to the zoo on Wednesday . One 728 kg pumpkin was the biggest to ever grace the Easter Show . The Asian Elephant herd were quick to pounce on the novelty breakfast . The zoo introduces new foods to challenge and stimulate their animals .


Audrey Pekin, 19, was raped twice in Bali while holidaying with her family. The teenager claims she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu, who she met with other friends a few days earlier. Alafu lured Ms Pekin back to where his property away from the bustling tourist centre of the city.


George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video assaulting a woman in Panama City. He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.


Manuscript of `` American Pie '' lyrics is sold to unnamed buyer for $ 1.2 million . Douglas Brinkley : The song , a talisman for its age , brings joy to people 44 years later .


A man tragically ran over his granddaughter Friday morning as he moved his truck in the driveway . In what is being described as a horrific accident , 20-month-old Kendra Moad of Kearns , Utah followed her grandfather out of the house . He did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her . This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah .


More than 140 children have been removed from their classes in Spokane , Washington . They could not prove they had legally required vaccinations , which includes measles . Health officials have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a pandemic . They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died . Around 700 students in the


Gate at Border Field State Park , California , was opened for selected families on Sunday in honor of Children 's Day . It was only the second time it had been unlocked by Border Patrol Officers since it was put in place in mid-1990s . Two young boys fell to their knees as they saw mom for first time in two years after she was deported to Mexico . ` We talked about how life was without our mom . About how much we love each other , ' said one of boys , aged 10 . Meanwhile , one grandmother wept as she embraced her seven-year-old granddaughter in front of photographers . Many of the deported relatives had been living in US without documentation - and had not seen families for years . They were given just minutes to hug and kiss their loved ones ; event was organised by non-profit Border Angels .


Ards Council spent £ 7,000 on three-course Christmas dinner and disco . Staff feasted on roast turkey with all the trimmings - paid for by taxpayers . Almost £ 500 was spent on balloons and Christmas crackers for the party . Celebration was to ` maintain staff morale ' as the council was closing down .


Irish student nurse went missing from nightclub late on Saturday night . Her body was found at a farm north of Glasgow after huge police search . Hundreds attended a vigil in her memory today in George Square , Glasgow . Glasgow man , 21 , appeared in court today in connection with her death .


Four Royal Navy sailors are bailed following hearing Nova Scotia , Canada . Three sailors are from Hampshire , one is from Gloucestershire . They are charged with raping a 21-year-old woman at military base party . Men were in Canada playing a hockey tournament with Canadian forces .


Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family . His new book , The Glazer Gatekeeper , tells all about his time in the job . Nayani insists that the Glazer takeover was always a long-term project . Sir Alex Ferguson used to invite the owners into the home dressing room . Nayani believes the Red Knights consortium were never serious suitors . The Glazers are not ` ogres ' despite fan opinion , according to Nayani .


Event will be held at Tesla 's California Studio on April 30 at 8 pm PT . Battery is likely to build on the packs used in Tesla 's electric cars . While similar products already exist , Elon Musk has said they ` suck ' Toyota already uses a fuel cell in its Mirai car that can power a home .


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2 . Tickets for the bout have yet to go on public sale , with the two camps and the MGM Grand locked in a stand-off over allotments . The impasse has left fans in the dark , and ticket brokers perplexed .


America has the highest incarceration rate in the world , holding 25 % of the world 's prisoners . Evan Feinberg : We must change the dismal status quo with specific solutions .


the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in tibet, china . it has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other macaques .


Pattie Boyd and Rod Weston , 61 , have been together for almost 25 years . Pair were accompanied by their dog Freddie at Chelsea Register Office . This is Pattie 's third marriage - her first was to George Harrison in 1966 . Bentley took couple to wedding breakfast at Beaumont Hotel in Mayfair .


Clarkson has not spoken publicly about sacking since news broke in March . He today gave ` heartfelt thanks ' to fans , saying he would ` miss being there ' Rippon , 70 , keen to return to show and wants woman in presenting line-up . Meanwhile , bosses are reportedly trying to cling onto James May and Richard Hammond .


Jameela Jamil , 29 , is convinced dental work triggered health problems . For months she would suffer swelling , feel exhausted , and faint . Thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus . Tests suggested she had high levels of mercury due to amalgam fillings .


Jan Bearman 's daughter Shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications from her diabetes . Two of Jan 's granddaughters and Shell 's husband decided to get tattoos in memory of her . Jan , now 83 , has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday . ABC2 's new show , Tattoo Tales , follows the journey of some of the customers


Penny Wong 's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth in Adelaide on Friday . Labor senator shared news of baby Hannah 's arrival with Twitter followers . It is the second child for the couple who welcomed Alexandra in 2011 . Hannah and Alexandra were both conceived by the same sperm donor .


Eight faculty members at Columbia University penned an op-ed accusing Dr Oz 's on-air tactics of sullying the reputation of the Ivy League school . But they said he should not be forced to stepped down from his ` well-earned position ' at Columbia because of these ` foibles ' It comes after 10 doctors called on Columbia to fire Oz for promoting ` quack treatments ' on his TV show , including weight-loss supplements . The piece came as Dr Oz insisted his show would survive the criticism and said the doctors only attacked him for supporting GMA labeling .


Keepers at the Columbus Zoo in Ohio say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant with triplets. The birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly but Irisa failed to show any maternal care.


Follow in the footsteps of the Gold Rush prospectors . Search for grizzly bears ... but do n't be taken unawares . Fly over the world 's largest non-polar ice field .


Johanna Basford released Secret Garden in 2013 which sold 1.5 m copies . 32-year-old 's second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks . Mother-of-one said huge range of people enjoy her ` stress-relieving ' books .


bahar mustafa, 27, student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university, london . picture of her pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination . handmade poster also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men .


Dog grooming craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square. In a method reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands's trimming of a hedge, canine hairdressers in the Taiwanese capital Taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers.


the audi tt roadster 2.0 tfsi s line quattro goes from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds . it's a fun car to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds . the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here .


The bombing is `` an attack against the future of our country , '' Somalia 's President says . UNICEF says the staff members ' vehicle was hit by an explosion on its way to their office . Four wounded staff members are in serious condition , the agency says .


australia head coach michael cheika is aware that his pack is being written off for the world cup . cheika's side will face england and wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in september . toulon playmaker matt giteau could be a glorious asset at the tournament .


Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona . Officials said about 25 per cent of the flames were contained by middway . Cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze , though on-the-ground conditions did not make that fight easy .


Prime Minister embarks on tour of Alnwick high street to woo voters . Follows criticism of sterile , boring campaign ignoring ordinary people . Tory leader told to stop ` name-calling ' and heckled by a busker .


Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban after a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in 'miserable conditions' It claimed the dogs are left without food or water in foul smelling conditions and are not given enough exercise.


Harry Kane will play for England 's Under 21s at this summer 's European Championships . The 21-year-old made an instant impact on the England team with a goal on his debut against Lithuania at Wembley . Roy Hodgson said he was more than happy to accept Gareth Southgate would have the first pick of Harry certainly and people like John Stones might come into that category . Kane will


Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground on Friday . The 11-year old was camping in the Victorian national park with his family . Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused . A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . Police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight . They have issued an extensive description of Luke and his clothing .


Dr Adrian Quarterman has suggested mirrored satellites to collect sunlight . The beams can then be converted into laser light and sent down to earth . The physicist believes it could even make solar power feasible in Scotland . But he admits you might need to worry about who is in control of them .


Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. 'We know that Abraham Lincoln was gay,' Kramer said of the book which came out this month. Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War.


Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University have been charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property . Nicholas Connole , a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq , said he felt like he had to ` defend himself ' against the students at


Jordan Spieth and Charley Hoffman to tee off at 7:55 pm UK time . Justin Rose in penultimate pairing at 7:45 pm with Dustin Johnson . Paul Casey joined by Phil Mickelson at 7:35 pm on Saturday . Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia tee off at 6:15 pm . Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson commence at 5:45 pm .


Bag was discovered near Cambridge police station on Saturday morning . More human remains later found in a common area of apartment building . A suspect has been arrested and charged with ` accessory ' , not homicide . They will not be identified until the arraignment on Monday , officials said . Cambridge Police are treating grisly situation as homicide investigation .


tunnels were dug into cliffs in stockport to provide car parking spaces . but after wwii they were redeveloped as an air raid shelter . it could hold 6,500 people and had electric lighting and flush toilets .


Europa League semi-final draw : Napoli vs Dnipro , Sevilla vs Fiorentina . Last-four ties to be played on May 7 and May 14 . Final takes place at National Stadium in Warsaw on May 27 .


Jimmy Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua . He moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 Test wickets . Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is ` just around the corner ' West Indies fell to 155 for four in response to England 's first-innings total of 399 . West Indies vice-captain


Manchester City have not won a Premier League game in almost 20 years. The last time City won a game after trailing at half-time was on April 17, 1995. The stat still makes for incredible reading as the blue side of Manchester look to retain their Premier League crown and claim their third title in four seasons.


garry monk will hold talks with michu before making decision on his future . the spaniard has spent the last two seasons on loan at italian outfit napoli . the 29-year-old scored 22 goals in his first season at swansea .


Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a mega-fight on May 2 . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight . Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his California hometown on June 20 . The self-called Son of God said he would be prepared to face Carl Froch . Marco Antonio Periban


Teen with deadly brain tumour has raised $ 80,000 for emergency surgery . 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes has stage four brain tumour . He was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on . Instead he found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation . He had to find $ 80,000 by Tuesday night to pay the surgeon up front . The risky operation will likely see him end up paralysed down his left side .


Madison Avery Crotty , from San Diego , is seen crying and crying . Her doting father Buddy tried out several types of ` white noise ' sounds to try and get Madison to sleep . He 's seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the Star Wars sound soothing . The crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb


Kayahan Acar was one of Turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters . He was diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest . The cancer returned in 2005 and again in 2014 .


ronnie o'sullivan urged shoemakers to spare him crucible agony . the 39-year-old beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round contest . o'sullivan was seen playing in socks on tuesday afternoon .


Report claims Ivan Milat shot first victim years before backpacker murders . The ` wrong man ' jailed for attack , which left Milat free to kill , report says . Milat 's brother , Boris , says he has kept the shocking secret for 52 years . Milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 . He is serving seven consecutive life sentences at Goulburn Supermax jail .


Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected . He said : ` The Mail 's campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in hiring of agency staff ' Comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals . Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken #


French model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.


Me-Bai, the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother, Mae Yui, while the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other. Researchers claimed that just like humans, some elephants are social butterflies, while other prefer to stick to a close-knit group of friends.


Amanda Burleigh , a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust , was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of birth was wrong . Since the 1950s , doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage . They feared the drug -- since replaced with a safer substitute -- could harm the baby . But she believed it was unnatural to clamp


floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'money' . marvin hagler believes mayweather lacks class and alienates fans . hagler was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his fight with thomas hearns .


Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences -LRB- CIRHUS -RRB- in New York City studied Neolithic ornaments . Necklaces made from shells and teeth date from 5,000 to 8,000 years ago . Spread of early jewellery found to correspond to the spread of farming . Experts found farming spread more quickly in southern Europe than north .


denmark captain daniel agger is to be investigated by the country's fa . agger is accused of elbowing fc copenhagen's mattias jorgensen . the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials .


Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the 79th Masters at Augusta National . Bubba Watson is the defending champion and chasing a third Masters win . Tiger Woods returns to action but has no form and worries over his game . Jason Day and other big-hitters look set for strong week at Masters 2015 . COURSE GUIDE : McIlroy and more stars take you round Augusta National . CLICK HERE for the Masters 2015 leaderboard .


Christopher Stefanoni 's son was pushed into low-ranking team in 2010 . Followed father 's plans for apartment complexes in Darien , Connecticut , which included affordable housing . Stefanoni has filed lawsuit claiming townsfolk turned on son to punish him . Darien , a wealthy New York City suburb , has a median income of $ 200,000 . The town is 94 per cent white , with only 70 black residents - 0.33 per cent . Little League and the town both deny there is any connection .


Sara Errani beat Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 -LRB- 8/6 -RRB- 6-4 in Stuttgart . World No 9 follows Ana Ivanovic out of the tournament after the fifth seed lost to Caroline Garcia on Tuesday . Angelique Kerber beat Alexa Glatch to set up a meeting with Maria Sharapova .


Leader said she understands concerns about SNP being part of coalition . Miss Sturgeon also suggested PM had been ` not unhelpful ' to her party . Polls indicate SNP is on the brink of a historic landside victory in election .


ISIS magazine claims enslaving Yazidis is a "fundamental aspect of Shariah" Women who have just given birth are considered impure and cannot be taken as sexual slaves. Women and girls were separated from other women, beaten and forced to have sex with men. ISIS has been fighting in Iraq and Syria since June 2014.


Shezoy Bleary , 22 , allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4 am . Copeland , a former player for the New York Knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday . His wife , Katrine Saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club 1 OAK . Bleary was seen leaving New York City 's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery .


` I did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' Rose McGrath , 12 , of battle Creek , Michigan said tearfully of her dismissal . St. Joseph 's Middle School sent a letter to Rose McGrath dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance . Rose McGrath was diagnosed with luekemia in 2012 and even though she just finished her treatment she still feels ill a lot of the time . ` When I 'm at home , I 'm sick , I do n't feel well ; no one else does that . But when I 'm at school I 'm like everyone else , ' Rose McGrath said .


Cameron Hooker had kidnapped young hitchhiker Colleen Stan in 1977 . Over the next seven years victim was tortured and raped as his captive . Hooker , now 61 , was sentenced to a 104-year prison term jail in 1985 . He applied for early parole but was told he 'd spent at least 15 years in jail .


Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended . They posted ` anti-Islamic ' messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally . The men contravened a policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity '


We Are Handsome designers Jeremy and Katinka Somers chose real-life fitness influencers above models . Lindy Klim , Amanda Bisk , Juliette Burnett , Kate Kendall and Sjana Earp were among the athletic stars . Klim told Daily Mail Australia that she exercises two hours a day in Bali ... but barely makes it to the gym in Oz .


The GoFundMe campaign has already topped its $ 75,000 goal . Justin Griner , the dad of `` Success Kid , '' needs a kidney transplant .


Leeds Rhinos claim victory in front of sell-out crowd at Castleford . The Super League leaders were without captain Kevin Sinfield .


Gary Lineker launched the scathing attack after historic election debate . Labelled Nigel Farage a 'd *** ' over his comments on foreign HIV sufferers . Football stars tweeted as seven major party leaders went head-to-head . Sol Campbell also attacked Ed Miliband saying it was clear he 's ` no leader '


The Pentagon announced Tuesday plans to identify the remains of hundreds of sailors and soldiers killed on board the USS Oklahoma . The USS Oklahoma sank during the December 7 , 1941 Japanese assault on Pearl Harbor , the American military base and port . The attack on Pearl Harbor resulted in the death of over 2,000 Americans and marked the United States ' entrance into World War II .


Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden , Ontario to Comox , British Columbia . He brought the green rocking chair to make his journey more interesting . Along the way the traveller was accompanied by friends and his father . The journey took nine days to complete and 4500 km of land was covered .


research on infants’ brains by doctors from oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults . until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain . it means newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures . but new findings suggest that not only do babies feel pain, but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults .


Jennifer Saunders, 56, will star alongside Joanna Lumley in the film. She said she was 'nervous' about writing the film script. The film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France.


andrea pirlo gave juventus the lead with a 25-yard free-kick on sunday . matteo darmian equalised for torino just before the interval . fabio quagliarella completed the comeback on the hour mark .


Lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what 's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home . At least 30 were injured in Colorado alone in 2014 in butane explosions involving hash oil . People make hash oil at home to save money , make it to personal taste , or as a hobby .


Timberlake and Biel welcome son Silas Randall Timberlake . The couple announced the pregnancy in January .


Toby Huntington-Whiteley , 25 , and cricketer Flintoff , 37 , model in campaign . Men 's clothing brand Jacamo caters to larger and taller men . Sportsman Flintoff has been face of brand for 4 years . This is second TV ad job for Dorset boy Toby .


The 54-year-old actress covers Marie Claire 's career-oriented supplement , which is featured in the May issue of the magazine .


The chocolate sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of Sherlock . It took a crew of eight people to create and weighs 40kg . It took over 250 man hours to complete and took a team of eight to complete . It was unveiled at Westfield Stratford City shopping centre 's atrium . Shoppers at the mall were more than a little surprised by the 6ft sculpture


Apple has approached over a dozen names like Florence and the Machine in an effort to get top talent on Beats exclusively . Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months with a $ 9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $ 14.99 . Jay Z 's Tidal is doing the same thing as he tries to convince artists to sign exclusive deals and beat out the competition .


Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin . It has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large , aggressive tumours .


Owner had used Formula 1 car and hot air balloon to deliver in the past . Drone was being operated from back of a truck that followed behind . Local TV filmed as bladed device carried several asparagus stalks in can . Crashed shortly after recharging mid-way through the flight .


Ronald Anderson , 48 , was arrested and charged for the crime spree . Anderson was previously convicted of manslaughter and arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend . The kidnapped woman was found safe - she may be related to suspect . The guard , Lawrence Buckner , died at a hospital in Cheverly , Maryland . Officer and suspect both conscious when they were taken for medical care . Guard saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping . Incident took place at gate of U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland , Maryland .


Rogue One will be a prequel to the original trilogy . First ` anthology film ' will be about Rebels on a rogue mission to steal plans to the Death Star . Felicity Jones - star of ` The Theory of Everything ' will star as a rebel soldier .


Italian Navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers . Boat was being steered towards Libyan port of Misrata . Italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured .


Ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans . He will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in California . The 72-year-old was arrested in March the day before the finale of an HBO docu-series about him .


Mohammad Shatnawi scored a bizarre own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday. The Al Whidat striker has been judged as one of the strangest own goals ever. Shatnawi's effort will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever.


Odds on the second royal baby being called Sam have been slashed . It follows the success of part-time jockey and the Duchess of Cambridge 's close friend Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree this weekend . The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed ` The Royal Matchmaker ' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance .


A 66-year-old man has been accused of burning an Australian flag . It was reportedly set it alight at the Shine of Remembrance in Anzac Square . He has been charged with public nuisance and breach of the peace . This comes only a day before thousands are set to gather to commemorate Anzac Day 's centenary at the Brisbane landmark .


The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds . People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view . Parts of South America , India , China and Russia also will see the eclipse .


amy wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner . docherty, now 86, was manager of manchester united from 1972 until 1977 .


Nasa scientists in California reveal new images of dwarf planet Ceres . They show new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . However , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April .


College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom . Pictures of the two during the `` prom-posal '' have gone viral .


anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat sabine lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3 . russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final . svetlana kuznetsova earlier beat julia goerges in straight sets .


Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud . Liftoff has been rescheduled by SpaceX for tomorrow at 4.10 pm ET . If successful , it will prove affordable , reusuable rockets are possible .


Selina Dicker, 38, was in same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg. Miss Dicker was one of 16 Sherpas killed in avalanche on Saturday. She had raised £45,000 for Operation Smile, which provides surgery for children with the condition.


Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off on Sunday. Alex Perry opted out of presenting a collection at the event in Sydney. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the event.


Iraqi officials say Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , 72 , has died in fighting in Tikrit . He was one of Saddam Hussein 's most trusted henchmen in Ba'ath Party . Was one of the most high-profile officials to evade capture after invasion . Had a $ 10m bounty on his head and was one of the US 's most wanted men .


The Oxford University Women 's Boat Race team were rescued from the Thames by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution . Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox . The sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford 's base .


50 per cent of Australians surveyed said they 'd like to work for Virgin . It beat Qantas , which was in fifth place , as the most desired company . Coming second in the survey was national public broadcaster the ABC . But four jobs in the top ten list were in government departments .


the #kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days . lip plumping by sucking on a shot glass to look like kylie jenner has a hashtag . surgeon dr. dendy engelman says the trend is dangerous .


Silhan Ozcelik , 18 , went missing from Kurdish family 's home last October . Court heard she travelled on Eurostar to Stuttgart , home of Kurdish Workers ' Party youth movement . Ozcelik , from Clissold Park , north London , charged with one terror offence .


Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying . The 23-year-old was a podium model at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday . Campaigners have called for Hamilton to apologise for his ` selfish ' behaviour . But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she was n't offended .


Rafa Benitez 's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final . Fiorentina will play holders Sevilla over two legs . The other tie sees Napoli play Dnepro Dnibropetrovsk for a place in the Warsaw final . The semi-finals will be played on May 7 and 14 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Europa League news .


A jury in Placerville , California , took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict against Colleen Ann Harris . Robert Harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple 's home in 2013 . Colleen Harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of then-husband , James Batten . She was acquitted on self-defense .


Josh Meekings deliberately handled the ball during Inverness 's 3-2 Scottish Cup semi-final victory against Celtic . Meekings escaped punishment for the act during the game . In the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win , Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded . On Thursday , the Inverness defender was cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk on May 30 .


The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas , 30 . She 's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS . Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week .


Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday . Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft . On board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth .


England lost 19-9 to Ireland at the Aviva Stadium last month . George Ford , Dave Attwood , Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the Six Nations defeat . Bath head coach Mike Ford says they have a point to prove . Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday . Cian Healy , Rob Kearney and Jamie Heaslip are all set to


Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho visited Real Madrid's HQ. The former Liverpool defender says the Real Madrid first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club. The Real Madrid trio were joined by adidas presenter Roman Kemp during the tour.


Cheryl Prudham , 33 , and husband Robert , 30 , plan to renew wedding vows . Couple are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for a two-week ` no expense spared ' break . They will stay at the Circus Circus hotel and renew their vows at the infamous Chapel of Love .


Hadas had the barbaric practice in Eritrea , Africa , where FGM is common . Her mother believed putting her through the ordeal as a baby was best . In her village ` uncut ' women will be sluts and even grow up to be clumsy . Woman , who wants to remain anonymous , was sex trafficked to the UK .


perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria issued fatwa in malaysia . claims women can only refuse sex with husbands if menstruating or sick . claims rape in marriage is 'made up' by europeans, so muslims should not follow .


Afzal Khan accused of conning customers and financial firms in US . Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old fear he may have fled the country . Flamboyant Khan , from Edinburgh , was known to his clients as ` Bobby ' He ran the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey and appeared on reality TV .


Photographs taken in Micheldever Woods , Hampshire , show flowers in full bloom after unseasonably warm week . But fine and dry weather seen by much of the country is set to be replaced by widespread showers this weekend . There is a chance of hail and thunderstorms in the south and wintry showers on higher ground in northern Scotland .


The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region . Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France has boycotted the fruit . Yesterday officials began destroying trees affected by the deadly disease . Protesters failed in an attempt to stop the government-ordered destruction . The spread of the bacteria is expected to cause olive oil prices to rocket .


surgeon sergio canavero plans to perform the world's first head transplant . he will operate on a russian suffering from a rare genetic muscle wasting disease . dr canavero has no problem with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life .


timothy mcveigh and terry nichols were convicted of 1995 oklahoma city bombings . twenty years later, the fbi is still trying to catch the perpetrators of domestic terror .


institute for fiscal studies analysed party manifestos ahead of election . found voters are still 'in the dark' about how they will tackle debts . tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan . labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year .


Judy Murray , 55 , has spent months planning her outfit . Kim Sears , 53 , has long been admired on the tennis circuit . Ceremony in Murray 's home town , Dunblane , is being hailed as the event of the year . One charity shop has displayed mannequins of the bride and groom .


David Fitzgerald claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. He also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke, claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of Jesus.


Elderly woman in induced medical coma after husband crashes into her . Distressed bystander describes woman as ` covered in blood ' Couple were there to do their shopping at Tesco Express . Tesco worker held woman in her arms whilst waiting for ambulance . Driver breathalysed by police as precaution but no arrest has been made .


The row broke out between Andrea Trunfio , 36 , and Mario Bretti , 64 , in July last year . The pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the building site . Mr Bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation . He said he went straight to the police station , while the 64-year-old did a U-turn . He denied common assault and


championship leaders bournemouth travel to reading on saturday . eddie howe insists his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table . middlesbrough boss aitor karanka targets wins from all remaining games .


Sam Allardyce is already making plans for next season at West Ham. The Hammers have already beaten their total in the Premier League season last year by two points with seven games to spare. Allardyce has a meeting planned for the end of May with co-owners David Gold and David Sullivan.


Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby at Ashton Gate . Kieran Agard , Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the hosts . Steve Cotterill 's side have now won two of their last four games in the Championship . Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco were both booked in the first half . Bristol City boss Mark Cooper had to pick his side up from two


Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm. Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning, and were concerned for Ms Gordon-Smith because of her age. Her family and police have appealed for anyone who has seen Ms Gordon-Smith to immediately contact.


The University of Michigan canceled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face . Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film , the late Navy SEAL Chris Kyle , was ` mass killer ' and ` a racist ' She suggested that showing the film on campus could incite viewers to violence against Muslims . The


Celebrities would have competed to outrun rampaging bulls in Spanish show . Idea axed following anger from local authorities in Pamplona . Mayor said he feared it would turn world famous San Fermin Fiesta into Big Brother .


Mehmet Oz is on staff at Columbia 's College of Physicians and Surgeons . Dr Oz is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at the medical school . Group of ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for Oz 's dismissal . Said there 's no scientific proof his ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements work . Columbia said it ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom ' University has not removed TV celebrity doctor from his faculty position .


Data company Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials. Then placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the Dark Web. When it was accessed, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times.


Adam Crapser , 39 , was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January and a hearing is set for April 2 . The father-of-three arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . However , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive . Adding to Crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have .


In an interview with NPR , Obama said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his ` foolish ' position on a deal with Iran ` after he 's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy ' Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter , saying , ` Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than


Gypsy Secretariat Foundation complained over the definition of ` gypsy ' Spanish dictionary has one of the definitions for the word as a ` swindler ' Group has delivered protest letters to Spain 's Royal Language Academy .


Pictures show wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys . Females offered pink beautician 's outfits while males offered doctor 's uniforms . Products intended for infants are equally polarised , with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads : ` I hate my thighs '


Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram . He was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band . Professor Hawking joked that in another different universe ` Zayn is still in One Direction '


London-born street artist Plastic Jesus erected several ` No Kardashian Parking Anytime ' signs around Los Angeles this week . He says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago , when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street . Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the Kardashian family specifically but the reality TV star obsession in general .


Researchers created a model ` hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ` progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial . HIV infects CD4 + T-cells , which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases . As HIV progresses , it reduces the number of active T-cell in the body until the . immune system cannot function correctly , a state


The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group . Professors of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image is dangerous . The Professor said it represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment . World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .


Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano. The 30-year-old became only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat. Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90.


Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday . The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid 's history to achieve the feat . Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu .


Autopilot could have taken control of Germanwings flight and flown plane to safe altitude . But some experts say taking control away from humans could lead to other dangers . Another concern : Autopilot might be vulnerable to hackers .


Celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2 and some fans have questioned how referee Steven McLean and additional assistant Alan Muir could have missed the infringement. John Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.


saudi military official says houthi rebels have been decimated by airstrikes . "anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi says .


California supplies more than three-quarters of world 's almond market . But the state is now in its fourth year of drought and there is growing anger . Growers - who need a gallon of water to make a nut - are still planting trees . Anger that the almond industry has been left to expand its orchards .


Jessica Bialek returned home to her husband Sabino Matera on Thursday evening . The 37-year-old was last seen leaving her Coogee home around 8.30 am on Wednesday . Her husband issued a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped find his wife . Police have launched an investigation into her disappearance .


Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 red balloons in memory of the 96 Liverpool fans who died at Hillsborough . Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers , chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended .


The Queen was pictured in 1935 at Westminster Abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat. It would be another 18 years before her coronation. Eighty years on, the Queen gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition.


Amir Khan is set to announce his next opponent imminently. The Bolton fighter is expected to announce his next opponent imminently. British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year.


Rachael Bishop , 19 , at first pleaded with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the Lynnwood , Washington store . But as he ignored her and reached into the till she punched him in the head multiple times . He punched her back and stole $ 280 but she still chased after him . Other people saw Bishop tailing the robber and followed , helping police arrest the man - who was a wanted felon for forgery . Bishop said she loves her bosses and fighting back was ` just a reaction '


Officer Jesse Kidder was confronted by Michael Wilcox , 27 , in Ohio . Suspect allegedly shot his fiance and best friend in separate incidents . During a police chase he got out of his car and charged at Kidder . Wilcox repeatedly said ` shoot me ' , but the cop constantly refused . Eventually Wilcox submitted and surrendered to Kidder and his partner . The former Marine had only been on the New Richmond force a year .


Micah Richards ' Manchester City contract ends this summer . Currently on loan at Fiorentina , Richards wants a return to England . Was one of English football 's golden boys as a youngster . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood willing to snap him up on a free .


floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time . the rumble in the jungle was the fight which established muhammad ali as the most recognisable human being on earth . jack johnson v james jeffries is one of the greatest fights of all time . mayweather v pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time .


Louis van Gaal is closing in on a deal for midfielder Ilkay Gundogan . Manchester United have agreed £ 20.5 million fee with Borussia Dortmund . Germany international has scored nine goals in 75 games for Dortmund . Arsenal were also linked with a move for the 24-year-old midfielder .


the footage was captured by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque . it shows the young elephant named jazmine trampling over its mother rozie . throughout the whole ordeal the 22-year-old asian elephant remains incredibly docile .


New pictures show Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe with shisha pipes . Sterling will avoid punishment from Liverpool after inhaling ` hippy crack ' Arsenal and other clubs are getting cold feet over their interest in Sterling . Pictures emerged last week of Liverpool star Sterling smoking shisha . Footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .


Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against U.S. forces abroad. He's accused of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists.


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go toe-to-toe on May 2 in Vegas . Pacquiao shared a video of his morning run as he continued his training . Mayweather also shared a video of his late-night training routine . READ : Muhammad Ali hopes Pacquiao beats Mayweather . CLICK HERE for the latest Pacquiao vs Mayweather news .


Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband . He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans . The robots were powered by Curie , a computer the size of a button .


Mother was at charity Easter egg hunt at Melbourne 's Caulfield Racecourse . A volunteer at the event on Saturday told her to stop taking too many eggs . She told the 13-year-old to ` f *** off ' and continued to deny she was doing it . But she became so rowdy security guards had to throw her out of the hunt . The Easter event was held to raise money for Zaidee 's Rainbow Foundation . Foundation aims to make people more aware of organ and tissue donation .


Progress 59 spacecraft will re-enter Earth 's atmosphere in a week , Russia space agency says . NASA : Russian flight controllers have been trying to make contact with the unmanned space freighter . Space station crew can manage without supplies carried by the spacecraft , NASA says .


adelaide crows captain taylor 'tex' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven-year-old girl who burst into tears just moments before leading the afl side onto the field . satine cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday . she burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as adelaide crows staffer kelly modra tried to comfort the blonde pig-t


Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league on Saturday . Juan Arango scored a magnificent free kick to bring his team level . But the 34-year-old overshadowed his goal with a moment of madness . Arango bit Jesus Zavela as his temper flared in the defeat .


FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12 . Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius , Igor Stepanovs , Kaba Diawara , Sebastian Squillaci , Andre Santos , Park Chu-Young , Marouane Chamakh , Pascal Cygan , Philippe Senderos , Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou . There are more but that 's what a brief search elicits .


Arsenal have won seven on the spin in the Premier League and made Liverpool look like relegation candidates. Arsene Wenger's side have pace, power, energy and invention in attack. But their failure to marry all of those components over the course of an entire campaign has cost them, again.


A woman was accidentally ordered to pay £ 3.35 quadrillion to her pension . Massive sum is more than the entire Gross Domestic Product of Germany . Blunder by pensions office was discovered before any money was taken .


UK spent £ 11.7 billion on overseas aid last year but that is set to increase . New accounting rules could see budget increase by £ 1bn over two years . Changes will bring Britain in line with other EU nations who donate less . Ukip leader Nigel Farage last night called for a £ 10billion cut in foreign aid .


Michael Carrick impressed during England 's draw with Italy last week . But the midfielder has been ordinary in his nine competitive starts . England won four of those - Ecuador , San Marino , Poland and Lithuania . England bosses consistently preferred Steven Gerrard or Frank Lampard .


Iceberg fractured from Getz Ice Shelf and moved into the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid - to late-February . Region is losing ice faster than anywhere on the continent and is the largest contributor to rise of sea levels . Scientists are combining images such as this with noises from icebergs to detect how glaciers are melting .


Manchester City can still mount a title challenge , insists Sergio Aguero . Premier League champions face Manchester United in Sunday 's derby . Argentina ace has praised Old Trafford misfit Radamel Falcao .


Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home . His infant daughter was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties . Five-month-old , believed to be a twin , died after suffering ` several injuries ' Baby 's mother was also arrested but has since been released on bail .


Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday . Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the game . The Liverpool boss says they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against Manchester United which led to their defeat . Defeat at third-placed Arsenal would be a huge blow to Liverpool 's hopes of returning to Europe 's elite for a second successive season


LZ : Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights , and other states ' anti-LGBT moves , bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 . Cruz , Huckabee , Jindal , Carson , Walker are reviving culture wars , he says . Equality for LGBT has not yet `` won '' in America .


Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm . Patrick Lyttle , 31 , spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 . Barry Lyttle will now be sentenced at Sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court . The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon .


The clip was uploaded by YouTube user honda4ridered . In another upload the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot - and for those who miss it there 's a slow motion version .


Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School have developed a device that clips onto a smartphone . It uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . When clumped around a cell , the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample . They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in in the image if clumped together . The researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in around 45 minutes . Each test costs around £ 1.20 -LRB- $ 1.80 -RRB-


yaya toure has been a shadow of the player who fired manchester city to the title . eliaquim mangala was supposed to be a different class to joleon lescott . stevan jovetic is no carlos tevez; fernando no great upgrade on gareth barry or nigel de jong . manuel pellegrini and txiki begiristain are not adept at identifying replacements .


This week Chrissy Teigen shared a picture of her stretch marks . The model was praised for sharing her real body . Recently singer Pink hit back at critics of her figure at a red carpet event .


A gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, and shot the school's print shop operator, killing him. The school was placed on lockdown, and the gunman remains at large. The suspect, identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked at one time.


mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager . the argentine was sacked by nicola cortese in october . pochettino left southampton to take over at tottenham in january .


Youtube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 mini Rubik 's Cubes 961 times . Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete . The pair created arguably the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots .


Joe Root hit 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada . It was his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark . England 's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch . Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets . The


Michael Carrick has played for England for 13 years , 310 days . Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years , 228 days with 54 caps . Sir Bobby Charlton , Bobby Moore , David Beckham and Gary Lineker also made the list . The 33-year-old made his England debut in May 2001 .


Charlie Hemphrey fulfilled an ` unrealistic dream ' to become a first-class cricketer . The 25-year-old was rejected consistently by teams in the English system . Hemphrey enjoyed a successful first season in Australia with Queensland . He is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since 1978 . The ex-Folkestone grammar school pupil did n't rule out a return to England .


Tony Degrafreed , of Indianapolis , Indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca , 47 , at their home on July 20 , 2014 . He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison , but served less than half of that sentence . In January 1994 , he was arrested and charged with the murder of his estranged 26-year-old wife .


Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life . He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment , he began to shoot ocean foam . The 40-year-old took most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach on the south coast of NSW . He uses an EOS 5D


louis van gaal handed a list of players he 'should' sign for manchester united . moshin tanveer, who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy, handed the list to the dutchman at a club fan day . tanveer told van gaal not to follow up the loan signing of radamel falcao . tanveer also told the dutchman not to sign chelsea's luke shaw .


Stephen Ward in contention for Burnley after overcoming ankle injury . Matt Taylor close to return having been out since August . Tottenham Hotspur without goalkeeper Hugo Lloris through knee injury . Danny Rose and Roberto Soldado also fitness concerns for Spurs .


Mauricio Pochettino 's Tottenham travel to St Mary 's on Saturday . Pochettino was hugely successful in charge at Southampton . And Saints midfielder Steven Davis is confident ahead of the clash .


Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908 . It caused consternation in America for one simple reason : Johnson was black . A great cry went up from white America to find a white challenger -- a ` Great White Hope ' -- who could unseat the new champion . It would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated , on April 5 , 1915 , 100 years ago on Sunday .


The plane might have hit an object on the runway , the Japanese transportation ministry says . 23 people have minor injuries , officials say . The Airbus A320 overshot the Hiroshima Airport runway at 8:05 p.m. Tuesday , officials say .


Record numbers have flocked to see local boy Jordan Spieth in action . Spieth and Phil Mickelson have been gearing up for the Masters . Texas-born Spieth quit university in order to concentrate on golf career .


NYPD officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime and opened fire Wednesday night . This after they received a call reporting shots fired at a bar . A weapon was recovered , and no officers were injured .


Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship . But Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel . Hamilton said : ` I was n't controlling his race , I was controlling my own race . I had


Dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in Sydney over the last quarter , the strongest increase since April 2009 . The increase has brought the median house price to $ 690,000 in the Harbour city . Sydney 's strong performance led the national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent . Canberra performed second best with a 4.1 per cent increase followed by Melbourne at 3.5 per cent and $ 518,000 .


William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year-old was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday. His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information.


Applicants must measure 5ft 6in and have a 25 1/2 in waist . Casting request gives the star 's head and wrist circumferences . Hopefuls must n't have tattoos or body piercings and may have to cut hair . Previous adverts have featured Keira Knightley and Claudia Schiffer .


Owners watch hours of TV with pets and leave it on to keep them company . Survey of 1,000 pet owners see For the Love of Dogs as favourite show . Keeping Up with the Kardashians is only liked by 2 % of pets .


In 1996, Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her daughter ill for attention. In 2005, Jennifer Bush, 27, spoke out for the first time on the anniversary. She said she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused.


The Bike Washing Machine replaces the front wheel with a washing drum . It is being developed by designers at Dalian Nationalities University , China . It means cyclists can save electricity by washing clothes as they exercise .


Arsenal face Burnley at Turf Moor as they bid to keep pressure on Chelsea . Gunners are seven points behind the Blues having played one game more . Arsene Wenger has told his squad to put dreams of title charge on hold . Abou Diaby , Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta and Mathieu Debuchy in line to return to first-team fold . Arsenal 's pre-game playlist : Pharrell makes Laurent Koscielny Happy .


Nathan Dailo has found a way to get his son to sleep in 42 seconds . In a Youtube video he demonstrates how stroking his 3-month-old son 's face with a white piece of tissue paper sends him to sleep . The video has received almost 26,000 views in just two weeks .


The Germanwings tragedy has ignited debate about depression in pilots . Author , Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways . He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job .


William Schultz was arrested Sunday afternoon , hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay . The 18-year-old was pronounced dead after his family drove him to Brentwood 's John Muir Hospital . A nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect . Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Lt . Ken Westermann said that the attack was n't accidental .


Robert Bates is the Tulsa County , Oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in Eric Harris ` death . He says he had the documentation to show he had completed the training required of reserve deputies . A Tulsa World newspaper says it 's possible some training requirements may have been waived . The Tulsa World says it has been told by multiple sources that Bates `


SquareTrade 's video shows phone breaking under 110 lbs of pressure . But Samsung argues this is an unrealistic portrayal of everyday forces . It added that original test ` does not show the strength of the back side ' Samsung last year poked fun at Apple during its bendgate controversy .


the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun, russia . the family matriarch cooks porridge for the bear and feeds him milk from a refashioned beer bottle . the bear, nicknamed mishutka, will soon become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family .


The body farm would be located in Lithia in Hillsborough County . It is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . Residents fear it will bring unwanted predators and a strong odor to area . USF associate professor Erin Kimmerle said the project could help investigators solve cold cases and other crimes . There are more than 500 cold cases in Hillsborough , Pasco and Pinellas counties - areas close to the research facility .


Two baggage handlers were caught on camera at the airport in Riyadh . Video shows them hurling luggage without regard for the contents . Clip begins with a suitcase being thrown and landing with a heavy thud . Some bags appeared to be heavy or wrapped as though they were fragile . Authorities said two supervisors and three workers have been sacked .


One US Navy SEAL died and another was critically injured on Friday while training in a pool at a Virginia military base. The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.


Merger would have given the new company control of 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30percent of the paid TV market . Announcement that Comcast is ` walking away ' from deal could come Friday . Comcast has 30million subscribers and Time Warner Cable boasts 11million ; new company would have spun off or sold 3.9 million . FCC staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review - a significant regulatory hurdle . Regulators questions whether merger was in the public interest .


Starbucks announced late Friday night that a computer outage that affected 7,000 stores in the US and Canada has now been resolved . The global coffeehouse chain said earlier the outage affected 8,000 . The outage began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast . The company offered free drinks and baked goods to customers before saying stores that had


Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Barclay 's Premier League table . They face second-placed Arsenal on Sunday , and can open up a huge gap . Oscar believes that winning the title can push Chelsea to further success . He admits that an in-form Arsenal will pose a tough test for Chelsea . WATCH : Chelsea fans storm Emirates Stadium to play practical joke .


ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male . he became inspired to start his second project, salty girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system .


Compulsory fitness tests introduced thanks to expanding waistlines . Those who fail could move from assignments involving physical activity . FBI chief James Coney : Force depends on agents to ` run , fight and shoot '


Workers carry heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across wooden walkway thousands of feet in the air . Men , who are just one step from death , have no ropes or safety harnesses and only hard hats to cushion their fall . Officials in Pingjiang County , Hunan province , hope the path will attract thousands of tourists when it is complete .


Brett Anthony O ` Connor was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago . The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with ten counts of sex offences . His lawyer , Phillip Mulherin , applied for a suppression order in the Tweed Heads Local Court on Monday . Magistrate refused the request after


A Massachusetts jury is deliberating Hernandez 's case . Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of Odin Lloyd .


the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in barrington, chicago, is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . it took five years to build the five bedroom, nine bathroom french country-style estate . the mansion is listed at $13 million, having failed to find a buyer at $15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013 . the show centers on lucious lyon, played by terence howard, deciding which of his three sons will take over empire entertainment .


Nancy Perry wo n't teach again at Dublin Middle School after giving students her highly critical personal opinion of President Barack Obama . One student told his father , Jimmie Scott , who complained to the school and requested a parent-teacher conference . She is the wife of a school board member and brought her husband along to parent-teacher meeting . Scott says that Perry showed him what he described as propaganda and called the President a ` baby killer ' A superintendent has said Perry was already planning on retiring before the complaint about her behavior .


london-based trotters has released 'new born baby collection' for royal baby . the range includes boy's t-shirts and romper suits . prince george was reported to have been wearing trotters garments .


Ben Parsons , 34 , from Brighton , proposed to girlfriend Anna Jefferson , 36 . Parsons had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2 mile marathon . Parson still managed to beat his personal best and finished in 3 hrs 36 mins .


Miliband says there 's ` nothing more British than dream of home-ownership ' Stamp duty cut would save first-time buyers up to £ 5,000 on cost of buying . Labour would also ensure new homes go to local people with law change .


An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK , CNN affiliate WJXT reports . Driver told the informant that he and Moran wanted him `` six feet under , '' court documents say . The FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures .


AP McCoy has two rides at Sandown before he retires from horse racing . Iron man McCoy will be awarded with his 20th champion jockey trophy . Peter Scudamore lists his top 10 achievements by racing hero McCoy .


Woman believed to be 25 to 45 years old was found March 22 near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in Gravesend . Had name ` Monique ' tattooed on right leg within a heart and rose .


Barcelona star Xavi has managed just five starts since the turn of the year . The midfielder recently travelled to Qatar to discuss possible switch . Luis Enrique believes Xavi has vital role to play towards end of season .


Temperatures dipped into the mid-30s during 4 days man lay in woods of Philadelphia park . Mom told police son was with her in Maryland , but he was found Friday with blanket , Bible . Victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .


Synaesthesia is a condition in which separate senses are linked . Scientists determined which colours are usually connected with letters . They then compared these colour-letter matches to Fisher-Price magnets . They claim 6 % of people learnt their matches from the Fisher-Price toy .


Alastair Cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready to return to the England squad . Trott left the international stage last year with ` situational anxiety ' The batsman has been impressive for his side Warwickshire .


Nick Abendanon was man of the match in Clermont win over Northampton . Clermont thrashed Premiership 's Saints 37-5 at Stade Marcel-Michelin . Former Bath full back conceded England career over after France move . But Abendanon 's not yet given up hope of a call-up to the national team . He hopes to be spoken of in the same way as Toulon 's Steffon Armitage .


After going through check-in , Nguyen Thi Hang stopped before boarding . VietJet Air employee believed her luggage would weigh more than 7 kg . After putting case on scales , woman slapped airport worker .


Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008. The revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron. It is the latest in a string of donations from wealthy businessmen.


Racing legend Tony McCoy ended his record breaking career today . The Irish legend finished with a total of 4,348 winners over the jumps . He has ridden a record-breaking 289 winners in one season . McCoy was handed the Champions Jockey trophy for the 20th time .


The 44-year-old , named by locals as Donna Christie , slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday . She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children when she dropped her phone . She is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries . She was airlifted to Westmead Hospital in Sydney where she remains in a stable condition .


The 42-year-old mother-of-two was making an appearance at the Woman Awards held at Madrid Casino . Wore a low cut cocktail dress with chandelier earrings . Also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek , 48 , with an award . Was taking a break from her preparations for next month 's Cannes Film Festival . Letizia , who is recently returned from Copenhagen , looked relaxed and happy as she chatted


Trevor Duffy , a University of Albany fraternity pledge who died during hazing last November , drank a 60-ounce bottle of vodka . This according to court papers filed by two students who were expelled after his death and wish to return to the college . Duffy 's death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home . 24 members of the underground fraternity were sanctioned by the university after the incident . An investigation determined members of the frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations . No one has been arrested in Duffy 's death and Albany police said their investigation is continuing . Four other men were also treated for alcohol poisoning that night .


drug was developed by british pharmaceutical giant astra zeneca . it was originally meant to treat certain types of tumour, but proved ineffective . scientists at yale university in connecticut have revealed how the treatment, called azdo5030, restored memory in mice given alzheimer's disease .


Saturday Night Live cast member Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents' Dinner. She skewered Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and Republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech. Strong's gown was an expensive J.Mendel gown to the formal dinner.


Tories have 36 per cent of the vote compared to Labour 's 32 per cent . Ukip on ten per cent , Lib Dems on eight per cent and the Greens on five . One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party to back .


Aviation experts say they want to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software. Technology could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude. The idea is not new.


Conservative leader promises to help create 2million new jobs by 2020 . Warns they must be outside London and the South East to prevent a crash .


Seven-car train beat previous record of 361mph -LRB- 580km/h -RRB- set in 2003 . It made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway . Maglev service between Tokyo and Nagoya will begin running in 2027 . Train 's engineers are planning new attempt to reach 373mph -LRB- 600km/h -RRB-


PSG trail Barcelona 3-1 in Champions League quarter-finals . Zinedine Zidane is confident French side can win and progress . Zlatan Ibrahimovic is available after returning from suspension .


Marsha Yumi Perry , 36 , of Washougal , Washington was arrested on Friday . Police dog tracked her sent through a field coming within feet of the hole . Officer Kyle Day gave warning he was about to unleash the dog when ` the ground moved and she sat up ' , police said . Boy suffered cut to his face and scrapes to his knees and elbows . Perry was arrested on felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant .


Linda McLean was in her elementary school classroom in tiny Halfway , Oregon in 2013 when she was surprised by a man in a mask with a gun .


Kim Bok-dong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she 's no longer physically able . Kim was held prisoner by the Japanese military in a `` comfort station '' for five years , raped ceaselessly . She says she wo n't rest until she receives a formal apology from the Japanese government .


Alan Pardew left Newcastle to take over as Crystal Palace manager . There have been rumours linking him with Magpies keeper Tim Krul . Pardew is disappointed that reports emerged suggesting the move . He says there has been no contact between him and the club or the player .


Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title . Mathews was set to face Richar Abril , who was forced to withdraw through illness . The Liverpudlian will now face Venezuelan southpaw Barroso on April 18 .


The Exotic Driving Experience park lets racing fans drive top-end cars . Gary Terry , 36 , died in the crash and was on the passengers side . Tavon Watson , 24 , was driving and was taken to hospital for treatment . Day at the racetrack was a gift from Watson 's wife for his birthday . Disney World spokesman said driver ` lost control ' of the Lamborghini .


Michelle Newman said all she heard was a ` pop ' and looked up to see her son James ` heels as he fell . The child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze , and died from his injuries . James Krainch was 22 months old when he died in Las Vegas . A screen was not strong enough


USS Independence was sunk in 1951 after weapons tests . Carrier was close-in guinea pig to two atomic bomb tests . Agency : Ship looks remarkably intact 2,600 feet below surface of the Pacific Ocean .


Moeen Ali picked up side injury during England 's dismal World Cup . Injury meant all-rounder was not considered for squad to tour West Indies . But Moeen is hoping to join up with the squad later in the tour .


London Ambulance Service had answered 2,333 calls by 4 am this morning . Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight . 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital . The busiest hour was between 2 am and 3 am when 638 calls were answered .


The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, 88, died Thursday. He was the founder of the television ministry "Hour of Power" Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.


Tara and Gavin Hills , from Canada , stopped vaccinating their children six years ago after losing trust in the health care system . All seven Hills kids , between ages of 10 months and 10 years , came down with whooping cough last week . Tara Hills did an about-face in the wake of her family 's health crisis , writing a blog post about how her stance on vaccination has changed .


Rangers bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South . Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece at Ibrox . The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points .


Matthew Hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies of his victims in Manchester . He asked ` am I scaring you ? ' and ` you 're dead sexy - can I come in ? ' In one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours . Judge Martin Rudland said he had ` deliberately targeted vulnerable women '


A French rescue team finds Rishi Khanal more than three days after the quake . A 4-month-old baby is reported to have been rescued after 22 hours in rubble .


Real Madrid will not take up their £ 7.5 million purchase option on Javier Hernandez . Manchester United and Real Madrid agreed a potential deal last season worth around £ 15m to include the Mexican 's season loan . Hernandez has only started twice in La Liga for Carlo Ancleotti 's side .


Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst , 71 , entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana . The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California , where he 's charged in the December


Aliesha Peterson , 22 , from Canada , says a therapist recommended she start exercising to improve her depression . She writes on Reddit that after ` slow ' progress for 20 months , she now sees an improvement in her mood and her body .


Right sagittal stratum of brain is key to recognising sarcastic comments . Neuroscientists at John Hopkins Medical School scanned the brains of 24 stroke patients and tested their ability to detect sarcasm in 40 sentences . The sagittal stratum is a bundle of white matter below the cerebral cortex . The findings may help treat stroke patients who struggle to detect sarcasm .


Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted 13 times in the last six years. The mother-of-three, who lives in Bootle, has severe liver cirrhosis. She has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.


Hillary Clinton 's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil . She went on to marry William Jones , a coal miner from Neath , in 1871 . The couple moved to Ystradyfodwg in the Welsh Valleys in the 1880s . The area was known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty . The area has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda . Mrs Clinton


Pilot declared emergency but plane crashed in woodland just off runway . Everyone on-board the Piper PA-31 aircraft was killed in the tragedy . Investigators in Florida trying to establish what caused the plane crash .


The 58-year-old actress revealed her diagnosis in a statement on Tuesday . She explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion . She underwent surgery last week with Hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery . Wilson took medical leave from the Broadway play Fish in the Dark earlier this month but is expected back on stage in May .


President Tomislav Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican. Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane - a 34-year-old French-built Falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air.


Ashley James , who starred on Made In Chelsea , models the bold bra . The £ 38 Jessica plunge bra , by Tutti Rouge , comes in sizes 28D - 38HH . Features removable foam pads that push your boobs in for extra oomph .


Average cost of property in London is now less than in Salcombe , Devon . In Salcombe , property tops £ 671,759 and waterfront value is even higher . Known as ` Chelsea-on-Sea , ' the area is famed for its yachting and sailing .


Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules . But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation . Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside .


joe anderson, 56, took £4,500 per year from chesterfield high school . despite doing nothing for pupils, he claimed payments were 'kudos' mayor tried to sue school, saying he was being punished for 'philosophical belief' in public service . chesterfield high school in merseyside stopped payments in 2011 .


Was promoting Avengers : Age of Ultron in interview for Channel 4 in UK . Hollywood star was furious when questioning suddenly became personal . Stormed off when asked about drugs and his relationship with his father . He spent time in California substance abuse facility and prison . Actor was arrested numerous times between 1996 and 2001 . Downey Jr 's son Indio was arrested for drug possession last June .


rand paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year . the kentucky senator announced this morning that he would run for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government . he'll spend the rest of the week rallying supporters in early presidential primary states new hampshire and kentucky .


Harlequins and England full-back Mike Brown may not play again this season due to on-going concussion issues . The 29-year-old has not played since returning from international duty last month after being knocked out in a Six Nations game against Italy . Nine weeks later , Brown is still suffering from headaches and nausea . Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea has insisted that he does not blame the England set-up for Brown 's injury .


April 8 was also `` Rex Manning Day '' Twitter paid homage to the 1995 film `` Empire Records '' The Titanic sank on April 15 , 1912 . `` Mean Girls Day '' is officially October 3 , given that 's when Aaron Samuels asks Cady what it is .


Mark Steven West , 32 , has been sentenced to four months in jail and eight years probation for having sex with a student at Spring High School in Texas in 2012 . He had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ` feeling horny ' The woman , who is now at college , told police she encouraged him to have sex


Olivia Bazlinton , 13 , and Charlotte Thompson , 14 , struck by express train . Network Rail was fined £ 1 million over their deaths for criminal negligence . Parents were shut out of meetings where they planned to challenge bosses . The firm 's bosses received £ 250,000 in bonuses last year .


Kevin Gill , 45 , found an injured gator and took it to his home in Naples , Florida for his son to nurse back to health . But when officers were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they found the gator and arrested Gill . Anyone who wants to own an alligator in Florida must complete 1,000 hours of training - regardless of the reptile 's size .


Mark Selby leads Kurt Maflin 6-3 and needs only four more frames to win . No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy . Selby and Maflin shared the first four frames before Selby pulled away . Marco Fu leads Jimmy Robertson 5-4 after break of 66 in final frame .


Nakhi Wells opened the scoring after an error from on-loan Zeki Fryers . James Vaughan doubled the advantage after 30 minutes for the home side . Luke Varney pulled one back for Ipswich straight after the break . Ipswich have now lost four out of five away in the Championship .


Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger 's third daughter Rana was stillborn in 2012 . A coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby . The midwife changed her statement about the events of the evening , including the time of the birth and whether the baby had exhibited signs of life . The couple have spoken out against the coroner 's report which blames their midwife .


Jody Farley-Berens helps single parents who are battling cancer . Farley-Berens saw the need firsthand through her childhood friend . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes .


`` The Blob '' is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific . Scientists say a high-pressure ridge over the West Coast has calmed ocean waters for two winters . The warmer temperatures are n't due to more heating , but less winter cooling , scientists say .


Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of Europe 's top clubs . Manchester United , Everton , Sunderland , Burnley , Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash . Sportsmail understands the 19-year-old was the reason the scouts were in attendance .


Police Kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to London . He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail . He was jailed for the murder of Maureen Comfort , who was found dead in 1996 . Police say he must return to prison ` as a matter of urgency '


Pope Francis faced a dilemma Sunday, drawing a line between the church's moral and political concerns. The Pope's choice of words was not clear to watchers. The Vatican has been the target of anti-Catholic violence in recent decades.


Aaron Taylor-Johnson , 24 , is so mature friends call him Benjamin Button . Hollywood actor says he ` does n't notice ' 23-year age gap with wife Sam , 48 . The couple have been married for two years and have two daughters .


Clinton Foundation and Clinton Health Access Initiative will be refiling multiple annual tax returns. Errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments. Follows revelation Republican Ted Cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments.


Jessica Bialek found ` safe and well ' after vanishing 36 hours earlier . Ms Bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30 am on Wednesday . She was walking to the bank in Coogee , south-eastern Sydney . Police are concerned for her welfare and have launched an investigation . Ms Bialek 's husband has pleaded for help in finding his wife . On Thursday her father made a plea for her to contact family . The mother-of-one is an accomplished arts photographer .


Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday . A solitary Eden Hazard strike in the first half was enough for Jose Mourinho 's side . Wayne Rooney looked glum just a couple of days after the loss .


Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media . A woman called ` Hollie ' has claimed the Paleo diet alleviated her MS symptoms . Another woman , ` Marg ' , who also suffers from MS , has claimed to have seen an improvement to her condition . Health experts say there is no scientific evidence to back up the claims that the Paleo diet helps MS suffers . Evans has shared the inspiring testimonials to 800,000-plus Facebook followers .


Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has bought a new £ 17.1 m property . He has bought Tel Aviv 's Varsano Hotel to convert into his Israeli home . The hotel is listed as a preserved building and covers 1,500 square metres .


Group sang and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight. Witnesses said the group drank heavily and abused fellow passengers and airline staff. The group were heading to a stag party in Alicante when they were arrested.


Harold Ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and CEO of the Model UN . Celebrated being accepted to 13 colleges with a Chipotle burrito bowl . Moved from Nigeria to Long Island at the age of eight , got 2270 in his SATs . Credits his success to his parents ' resilience and positivity . He is leaning toward Yale , has until May 1 to decide . Plans to be a neurosurgeon to find Alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother .


ukip leader gave an interview to itv's julie etchingham in deal, kent . he described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details . as a boy he enjoyed more 'freedom' than children today, he said . as a teenager he 'always questioned authority', he said .


Ohio court hears that Ryan Poston was supposed to meet Audrey Bolte the night he was shot dead . Shayna Hubers , shot dead lawyer Ryan Poston in 2012 . She claims it was in self-defense but the prosecution claims it was murder . Hubers , then 21 , told police she shot Poston in the face and then fired again to put him out of his misery .


The U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa 's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull . The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country .


CNN investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring . 10 % discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach Europe .


Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health. One member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week. The nurse said she was aware of one nurse who had worked 11 consecutive long day shifts.


Surgeon to the stars Fredric Brandt , 65 , hanged himself in his Miami mansion on Sunday . Brandt was reportedly devastated by apparent parody character Dr Franff in hit Netflix series Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Jeff Richmond , who is an executive producer of the show , commented today exclusively to Daily Mail Online . Friends said that , though Dr Brandt was upset , show did n't cause his death . Others said he was weeping in his clinic in weeks before suicide .


Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes - 30,000 more than the man in 2nd place . He transitioned in 2009 , lives in Oregon with his wife of 3 years Jenilee . Men 's Health competition looks for a ` well-rounded , health-conscious guy who has overcome some challenges in his life and can teach others '


Mark Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window . Asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer . Hughes missed out on # 10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window . Stoke sit 10th in the Premier League and still have an outside chance of earning a European berth .


Kaka wore the 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007. He showed off the vest after AC Milan's victory in the final in Athens. The Brazilian superstar was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes.


Tactical filters used on the mobile phone app Instagram can paint a different picture of holiday away . From the Taj Mahal to celebrities hangouts , the truth can look very different . Photographs reveal the funny or stark reality behind famous tourist spots visited by millions .


federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . the cdc said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up . the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13, federal health officials said .


David Rylance , 47 , stole thousands of pounds from his own dying mother . Dying pensioner Margaret Rylance was suffering from Alzheimer 's disease . She noticed money was missing but concerns were put down to condition . Her son was jailed for two years and three months for stealing £ 52,000 .


Alissa Sizemore , from Vernal , Utah , was only seven-years-old when her right leg had to be amputated below the knee after she was hit by a truck . The dancer removed her prosthetic leg midway though her emotional performance . Alissa recently starred in a music video for the Utah-based musical trio Gentri .


A teenage driver lost control of her Mitsubishi Lancer on Thursday night . The group of five were travelling along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley . The car crashed into a wheelie bin and collided head-on into a brick wall . The 17-year-old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs , forehead and abdomen . She was transported to Gosford District Hospital in a serious condition . A young woman


The 29-year-old , who lived in California , had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs . He tore the tendon , an injury which is normally quite painful , but reported he felt nothing at all . Doctors said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people play them excessively .


Raheem Sterling 's contract with Liverpool expires in the summer of 2017 . The forward could buy-out the final year of his deal for £ 1.7 million . Liverpool may be forced to accept a much lower bid for the 20-year-old . Slaven Bilic is in the frame to replace Sam Allardyce at West Ham . Southampton set to make summer bid for Man United 's Javier Hernandez . Tottenham still interested in move for Aston Villa 's Christian Benteke . West Ham determined to keep hold of Chelsea target Aaron Cresswell .


Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , Classic by MKTO . Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . At one point Nikki 's father makes an appearance , in keeping with tradition . To date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up .


John Lord , 86 , went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years . Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of Mr Lord .


Puno is not the most famous place in Peru - but it is one of the most fun . It sits on the west bank of the famous -LRB- and spectacular -RRB- Lake Titicaca . Visitors can sail on the lake to visit the fabled artificial Uros Islands .


Anthony Corrales has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired NYPD officer named Robert Muller last June . The incident occurred outside the Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City . He claims he got out of his car at a red light to take the license plate number , while Muller disputes this and claims the man followed him into the


sandra mathis, 52, charged with murder after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her 48-year-old husband's upper torso . the victim was found lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck under a bridge in san diego sunday afternoon . police officers who responded to the scene found sandra mathis trying to revive her mortally wounded husband, but to no avail .


Tom Ryan , 40 , had one leg ripped off and the other left hanging by a thread . Onlookers used shirt as a tourniquet in desperate bid to stop the bleeding . Witness : ` Tom was screaming . One leg was laying next to him under truck '


Mark Lowe , 32 , from Skelmersdale , Lancashire , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death . Mark killed his brother after he tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house on September 7 last year . Mark 's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said : ` Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he loved his brother '


Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke . But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack . Now her brother Stephen Robinson , 44 , is speaking out to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online . He said : ` She was a lonely heart just wanting love . That animal preyed on her caring nature '


Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open . The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness . Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at country music festival Tortuga .


Young mum Hannah Moore , 20 , had shots of her stretchmarks taken down . Instagram has also censored images of periods , pubic hair and nipples . Yet provocative images of bikini models are deemed appropriate . Those who have had their shots censored accuse the site of sexism .


Kim , 34 , shared make-up bag contents on Instagram . Includes Clarisonic brush , hairbrush from her own range and rose water . Star is also getting set to launch new kidswear range .


The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon. They pay homage to the '80s on stage, and homage to their heritage in an ironic way. A patent office denied their trademark registration, citing the disparaging section of the law.


Arthur Baldwin, 29, has been placed on administrative leave. He is charged with attempted first-degree burglary and destruction of property. Baldwin is an off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service.


Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta in record fashion on Sunday . He was pictured at the top of the Empire State Building in his green jacket . Spieth spoke of the Masters legacy and how missing out drove him on .


See cheetahs , lions and leopards in Africa , Siberian tigers in Russia , Polar bears in Svalbard and grizzlies in Alaska . Madagascar , Borneo , Rwanda , Sri Lanka and Brazil feature on the itinerary - which is a dream for wildlife lovers . During the tour , guests stay in accommodation including tented camps , mountain lodges and beachfront hotels .


Comedian Dave Hughes called Derryn Hinch a ` w ** ker ' on Monday 's Q&A . The pair were speaking about the binge drinking culture in Australia . Radio broadcaster Hinch said he drank because he liked ` the taste of wine ' This was met with Hughes replying : ` That 's because you 're a w ** ker ' Hinch retorted with : ` It takes one to know one ' Hughes said he stands by his comments made on Monday night .


One of the images posted on the Disciples of the New Dawn Facebook page has been shared nearly 80,000 times since it was posted on Sunday . While it is unclear if the group is genuine - or a satire - its messages have prompted thousands of women to share their own C-section stories . Others are committing their support to past petitions to have the community 's page removed from Facebook .


Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season. Aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011. The trio will form 'a three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough.


Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across Grangetown . They read : ` Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK ' Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters , dubbed ` chilling ' and ` threatening ' by locals .


Former Black Panther Mumia Abu-Jamal was hospitalized at Schuykill Medical Center in Pennsylvania on April 2 after collapsing in prison . He was delivered ` get well ' letters from third graders in Orange , New Jersey , and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union . The letters made Mumia ` chuckle and smile ' Critics say they ` promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder and hatred ' Mumia is serving a life sentence after years of appeals won him a reprieve from his death sentence in 2012 .


anna, one, and indi, six, have been surfing since they were puppies . the border collies use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable . the dogs, owned by zane jones, have been surfing since they were puppies .


Carrick made just his 33rd appearance for England in Italy on Tuesday . The midfielder has been overlooked by a succession of England managers . This is despite being the main man at Manchester United for years . Roy Hodgson seems to have realised the importance of Carrick . But England may have won a major tournament with him in the side .


Brianne Altice , 35 , pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts , including several first-degree felonies . One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Altice . Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .


James Corden met David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr in America . The comedian tweeted a picture of the pair with the caption : ` Double Beckhams ! ' The 36-year-old is currently filming late-night talk show Late Late in the States . Last month David Beckham revealed his son Brooklyn 's first date .


The three eight-week old puppies were found inside the box on April 18 . A woman saw the box , left outside of a Tennessee Goodwill donation site , moving and approached it finding the dogs . The Labradors were taken to McKamey Animal Center for treatment which said the animals have worms and are malnourished . It also said it is likely dogs have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition . Since beginning treatment , they have been flourishing and will be put up for adoption once treatment is complete .


Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour on Tuesday . The pair were recently the subject of a mix-up involving Jose Mourinho prior to Manchester United 's 3-0 defeat against Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday . The Chelsea boss prepared his players to deal with the threat of the Belgian all week . But he was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian


Raheem Sterling has turned down a new # 100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool . The 20-year-old has put off talks with the Reds until the summer . Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season . Sterling started Liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday . The England international has been linked with a move away from Anfield . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool


britain has met 0.7% aid target and is now second largest aid donor in world . but new eu accounting rules mean spending on foreign aid could rise even more . one aid expert said it could mean an increase of £500million in aid budget in 2016 and 2017 .


richard dysart, 86, died of cancer at his home in santa monica, california . dysart was a noted tv and film character actor, and stage star .


Real Madrid face Atletico in Champions League quarter-final second leg tie . Manchester United outcast Javier Hernandez expected to start for Real . Carlos Tevez has made it known he wants to return to Argentina one day .


Daniel Craig's character would have perished many times in his most recent movie, Skyfall. The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out' Craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego – he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt.


A note was left on the windscreen of a car in Cammeray , a wealthy inner-Sydney suburb . It read : ` If you ca n't afford to park in the CBD do n't come here ! ' The North Shore suburb was split on the parking issue .


Nicholas Figueroa , 23 , killed in gas explosion in the East Village last month . On Tuesday , relatives , friends and strangers bid him an emotional farewell . Mr Figueroa 's father said family was broken over his ` heartbreaking ' death . Brother paid tribute to ` best friend ' whom he will name his future son after . And Mother , Ava , wore button on her jacket featuring Mr Figueroa 's image . Tear-jerking service held at Manhattan 's Church of the Holy Name of Jesus . Moises Locon , 26 , also died in March 27 blast - and 22 others were injured .


Janner sent the card to detective after learning he would not be charged . Christmas card even invited retired Kelvyn Ashby to dinner at Parliament . Former policeman said he was appalled by the Labour peer 's note . Officer says superiors forced him to drop inquiries into alleged sex abuse . Four medical experts who examined the peer did not all agree on the nature and extent of his dementia , as outlined by Mrs Saunders ; . Janner 's own barrister was surprised he escaped charges in 1991 , and suspected attempts to influence the prosecutors ' decision ; . The Director of Public Prosecutions in charge at the time said he could not even remember seeing the politician 's file .


Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee , Wisconsin Sunday evening . The driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived . Before officers could show up , someone opened fire-shooting the driver in the head . The driver 's father identified him as father-of-four Archie Brown Sr . , to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel


Suzi Cinalli , a massage therapist , shares her top tips to stay alert at work . From cooing over cute pet pictures to a lunchtime yoga session and snacking on pumpkin seeds , discover how to boost your concentration .


Gemma Collins , 34 , launched several additions to her Evans range today . The star paid a nod to the summery weather in a floral dress . New additions to collection include a lacy LBD and a set of floral kimonos .


Chad Mendes takes on Ricardo Lamas in the main event of UFC Fight Night : Mendes vs Lamas on Saturday night in Fairfax , Virginia . The bout could determine the next challenger to the featherweight title . Mendes and Lamas have shown nothing but respect for one another .


Crystal Palace host Manchester City in the Premier League on Monday. Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury. Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game with an achilles injury.


Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday . Pep Guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead in the Bundesliga . The German champions are in the German Cup semi-final . Franck Ribery is set to miss Bayern 's home game against Porto due to an ankle injury . Bastian Schweinsteiger is also fighting to get fit in time for the game . Arjen Robben , David Alaba


The 34-year-old also revealed that she spends five to ten percent of her day away from her daughter so she can workout and be alone with her husband . Kim gave birth to North on June 15 , 2013 .


Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night 's Texas Rangers game . On Tuesday , Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends . The video seemed to enrage a number of followers who voiced their unhappiness that the undergrad at Texas Christian


Ron Vlaar is out of contract with Aston Villa at the end of the season . The 30-year-old has only made 12 Premier League starts this season . Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth at Villa Park . The Dutch defender starred in Holland 's run to the World Cup semi-finals in Brazil last year . He played under Louis van Gaal and will face his


Documented and undocumented immigrant population in the United States could reach a record high of 51million by 2023. By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country. This report comes as President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.


Jason Matthews , 40 , left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19 . But when the runner finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it . Mr Matthews spent hours searching for his missing car , even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him . But his car has now been found safe and sound by Adam Coppin from Salford .


Ukip leader discusses childhood , his father leaving home and cancer . Insists he will never use his own children in party political stunts . Says he has no plans to quit , and could go on until the 2030 election . Tonight : Spotlight -- Nigel Farage is on ITV at 7.30 pm tonight .


The firm lost £ 37.3 million after revenues fell by a third over the past year . Wonga has been hit by public controversy and forced to compensate customers over fake legal letters . New cap on payday loan interest rates is set to damage company further .


Cynthia Lennon was John Lennon 's first wife . She was there during the rise of the Beatles . Her death was announced by her son , Julian .


Greece is due to repay £ 330million loan to the International Monetary Fund . There were concerns heavily indebted nation would default on payment . Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas claims Greece will meet demand . It was reported nation did n't have funds to repay debt without agreement .


Wei Tingting , Wang Man , Zheng Churan , Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong freed . They 're still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation , may face charges in the future . They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted .


Gianni Van , 45 , is accused of the 1995 murder of 24-year-old Gonzalo Ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of a road . Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza . Van 's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend 's employee who carried out the killing .


Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle. The 33-year-old said it is time the United States had a female leader. Clinton's mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday.


Australia 's favourite rock star-turned-politician Peter Garrett has put his family 's Sydney home on the market . He is hoping the stunning terrace in Randwick in Sydney 's east will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million . As to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar 's home boasts beautiful high ceilings . He bought the property in 2010 whilst he was a federal minister for $ 932k . He also owns a Mittagong property .


Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears . Footage shows her immediately cheering up when she 's handed a French fry to lure over the family pup , Zayla .


Passenger Christopher Talbot said smell was so bad that train was forced to terminate. Passengers were left for hours in misery as the incident caused severe delays. London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police.


Jordan Spieth upped his game to haul himself back into contention . Masters winner bounced back from opening 74 with a nine-under-par round . However , he and his fellow competitors were no match for Troy Merritt . The American cruised to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall .


Duke of Kent , 79 , was seen leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with walking stick . Queen 's cousin was admitted to hospital yesterday after suffering dislocated hip . Buckingham Palace said he had been ` successfully ' treated for the injury . The Duke was staying at the Queen 's private residence in Royal Deeside .


Migrants from Nigeria and Ghana drown after being thrown overboard . Fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying 105 from Libya to Italy . The men were thrown into sea ` for professing the Christian faith ' 15 men arrested for ` aggravated murder motivated by religious hate '


nina moric, 38, appeared in the video for ricky martin's hit song la vida loco . italian media claimed she tried to take her own life over the weekend . ms moric said she was treated in hospital after collapsing due to 'low blood pressure' the croatian-born model told her fans she was 'shocked' by the claims .


gareth barry has advised everton team-mate ross barkley against moving to manchester city at this young stage of his career . the 21-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league champions . barry spent four seasons at the etihad before arriving on merseyside .


a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera . the woman, who is not being named, purchased the camera to watch her cats from work . the thief stole her laptop, digital camera and jewelry .


Jack Cordero , 14 , from Portland , has won praise for his etiquette . He was sick in a bookshop but handwrote staff there an apology . The manager of the shop , Jennifer Wicka , said that the note made her day . A picture of the letter went viral after it was uploaded to Twitter .


the revered al sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the walter scott case on sunday morning . he is expected to attend a vigil for the black driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer after fleeing a traffic stop . sharpton addressed the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon at charity missionary baptist church . elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there .


He made the statement before in March . O'Malley is low in the polls with Democrats , but he has been flirting with a presidential run .


Julia Van Herck , 42 , from Fulham , West London , ballooned to 23 stone . She wore a size 26 to size 28 and would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her .


Four Seasons Private Jet was unveiled in a minute-long video . It features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of Italian design Iacobucci . The jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne . Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . Chef Kerry Sear said :


lydia ko tied annika sorenstam's lpga tour record . the 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 at the ana inspiration in california . ko started the streak in the first round of her cme group tour championship last year .


Ganjendra Singh , 41 , took his own life during a demonstration in Delhi . Farmer from Rajasthan state could no longer afford to feed three children . Unseasonable heavy rain and hailstorms last month ruined his wheat crop . More than 30 Indian farmers have killed themselves in north and west India .


William Hilton Paul , 22 , crashed into a parked car in Lexington , Kentucky on Sunday . Witnesses said Paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck . He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face . Paul has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law .


'boomerang generation' living at home even in their twenties and thirties . but only 42% of parents charge their children rent - compared to £750 uk rent . 80% still buy adult child's groceries and 60% cook dinner for them .


$250 (£168) neurio device recognises the electronic signature of different devices . it allows users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and control appliances . neurio feeds information about energy consumption back to an app . users can then make decisions about how to save power and money . neurio is available to pre-order on kickstarter from october 1 .


Rona Fairhead was last month accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' over handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank's Swiss division. Now, the 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving the bank's board entirely.


Marvel 's long-awaited show `` Daredevil '' began streaming early Friday . Binge-watchers are already giving the series high marks .


jose luis gaya has been linked with a move to the premier league . chelsea, arsenal and manchester city are all interested . the 19-year-old left back has a buy-out clause of £13.5m . gaya flies forward in the style of jordi alba and juan bernat .


Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , from Granite Hill , California , posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . The married mother of two suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer . Alaska Airlines later apologized for mishandling the situation .


Daniel Boykin , 33 , a former TSA employee in Nashville , was sentenced to six months prison for stalking a colleague . He was found with 92 videos of the victim -- 29 taken from the airport bathroom -- and 1,527 photographs of her . The woman , who has not been named , came forward in May 2014 after observing videos of herself on Boykin 's phone .


Masked men have robbed three Pittsburgh area banks at gunpoint . One of the criminals has a holster and uses police weapon safety method . Thefts are becoming more violent , robbers have threatened kidnapping .


Prince William and Prince Harry were fed up with traditional English food . As children they swapped instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway .


Gloucester defeated Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie . Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster 's England squad . The Gloucester winger is hoping to get over being dropped by England . Gloucester face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1 . May was overlooked for the last three rounds of the RBS 6 Nations .


Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p . m . Police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries . Sierra Abanilla , 13 , was in line at the buffet with her family when she heard the shot ring out . A car


The drawing was discovered by fan site Cult Of Android . It appears on the map 's standard view at 33 ° 30 ' 52.5 'N 73 ° 03 ' 33.2 ` E. Addition is believed to have been added using Google 's Map Maker . And Google told MailOnline : We 've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident , and he 'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly . '


Trainer Oliver Sherwood already has one eye on the 2015 Grand National . Many Clouds romped to success at Aintree in Saturday 's big race . And the winning horse is in ` A1 condition ' , according to Sherwood .


Joanna Flynn, 50, has been charged with manslaughter. She is a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario. She was arrested on Thursday, and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada.


Ebola tests for a senior doctor has come back negative for the virus . Doctor John Parker has been working at an Ebola clinic in Sierra Leone . NSW Health said he had developed flu-like symptoms on Saturday . Dr Parker was assessed at a Sydney hospital as a precaution .


Iron pills can help hair growth, but they won't cure it, say experts. Vitamin C can help repair hair - but only if taken daily.


Czech immigrants lured to UK on promise of ` better life ' but ` treated like dogs ' Jury told they were kept under duress amid fears for their safety . Forced to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes . Also made to eat outside during winter and do housework to pay off ` loans ' Ruzena Tancosova , 34 , brother Petr , 35 , cousin Martin , 35 and Nela Dzurkova , 26 , all of Plymouth , are charged with people trafficking .


The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today-but none of its stores will have them in stock . Instead , consumers willing to shell out between # 299 and # 13,500-for the gold edition-have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June . Usually , Apple launches generate long queues outside stores . But City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly


Bec and Bridge showcase bikinis as part of Spring/Summer16 at MBFWA . Designers Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston showcase swim line . The collection featured metallics , jewel tones and signature boho charm . Jecinta Campbell , Carissa Walford , Rebecca Judd all sat front row .


nathaniel clyne is out of contract at southampton next summer . manchester united have been linked with a move for the right-back . ronald koeman's side are currently fourth in the premier league .


Manny Pacquiao posed for a picture with Jeremy Lin and Mario Lopez . The Filipino took to Instagram to post snap of his ripped physique . Pacquiao is counting down the days ` until the blessed event ' in Las Vegas . READ : Floyd Mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing ' CLICK HERE to watch Pacquiao 's open media workout live .


France has passed laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry. The health reforms, which include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content, have now passed through the upper house of parliament.


Fans downloaded seven million episodes between February and April . Illegal downloads beat favourites The Walking Dead and Breaking Bad . Season five of the hit HBO show premieres on Sky Atlantic on Sunday . Cable network launched internet streaming service to curb piracy .


Daniel Williams , from Toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee . He then edited all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life . The video has already attracted an impressive three million views since being uploaded to YouTube last week .


Police called after women start throwing chairs in mass brawl at Pontins . ` All hell broke loose ' as 20 holidaymakers started fighting in Southport . A 26-year-old man was arrested following the fracas at the holiday park .


Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the massive cash boost would be paid for . He said it would come from the Conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy . But Mr Marr interjected : ` That 's not really an answer , Chancellor '


A woman named Michelle told police that the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . Cell phone footage shows him throwing a bottle at her car . Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank , 28 . Frank is helping police with their misdemeanor criminal mischief investigation and his attorney claims Michelle threw something at his van .


A family in Texas became infested with birds when they returned home . According to the video maker , the birds came in through the chimney . The video maker initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows . Despite the infestation , the family remain very calm throughout the video .


The NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise , abusing people 's goodwill . NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday . People have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis . A contingent


Row broke out between Andrea Trunfio , 36 , and Mario Bretti , 64 , last July . Argument was over ownership of a new housing development in Wiltshire . Mr Bretti said rival cut him off and then punched him through window . Trunfio was handed a 12 month community order at magistrates ' court .


Marc-Andre ter Stegen is eager to impress Barcelona boss Luis Enrique . Ter Stegen is yet to make his La Liga debut for the Catalan giants . German goalkeeper has been reduced to Champions League appearances . Barcelona face PSG in Champions League quarter-final tie on Wednesday . PSG-Barca clash to be refereed by Mark Clattenburg and English officials .


Female Yazidi held prisoner by ISIS , suffered horrific sexual abuse . Victims include girl , nine , who is now ` pregnant by her abusers ' Earlier this week , ISIS released 216 Yazidi prisoners in northern Iraq . Group , made up of 40 children , women and elderly , released after a year .


Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Centre for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.


Tories launch poster campaign showing Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader . Tory chairman Grant Shapps said : ` The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he 's carried there by the SNP ' Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon uses article to claim that she can help ` lead the UK '


National Union of Teachers to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for five to seven-year-olds . Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . They want the UK to follow the lead of countries like Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .


Yo ! Sushi founder Simon Woodroffe is among new signatories of letter . He is a former Labour backer and appeared in a 2004 political broadcast . Total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter praising the Tories . The announcement will heap more pressure on Labour and Ed Miliband .


The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium . However , upon closer inspection , it was found that ` none of the products met the requirements to make such


Jordan Spieth set a Masters record 54-hole total of 16-under-par . The American carding a 70 to take a four-shot lead into the final round . Justin Rose collected five birdies on his final six holes to go 12 under . Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were among those at six under after 68s .


FA Cup is set to be named Emirates FA Cup as part of sponsorship deal . Emirates also sponsor Real Madrid , AC Milan , PSG and Arsenal . Airline also purchased naming rights Emirates Stadium in 2004 . La Liga giants Madrid sealed lucrative deal with Emirates in 2013 .


Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York next month . Khan has won 30 bouts - including victory over Devon Alexander last year . Algieri has only tasted defeat once in 21-fight professional career . 31-year-old lost via a unanimous decision to Manny Pacquiao in November . But the announcement has left Kell Brook frustrated . The Sheffield fighter called out Khan after his win over Jo Jo Dan .


Sudan is the last hope for a species on the verge of being wiped out . Rangers in Kenya risking their lives to keep the 43-year-old rhino safe . But ivory is now fetching as much as £ 47,000 per kilo as demand grows . Animal sanctuary Ol Pejeta trying to raise money to help pay for guards .


Google has released an update to its Android software. Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' This feature is not as secure as other password options. The popup when you enable 'Trusted Voice' warns that the feature is not as secure as a traditional lock screen.


One died and three injured as plane crashes on motorway in Germany . Four-seater plane believed to have crashed shortly after take-off . Plane came down between fence and a rail , just feet from passing cars .


Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday. He started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport. He then made the near fatal mistake of getting into the car and lighting his cigarette, thereby igniting the alchol and setting himself on fire.


Paris Saint-Germain have held initial discussions over a possible move for Dinamo Kiev winger Andriy Yarmolenko . The Ukraine flyer tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month . PSG are weighing up options with Manchester United refusing to budge on Angel di Maria .


Carrie Fisher , 58 , who is reprising her role as Princess Leia , and Mark Hamill , 63 , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out . Not on hand was Harrison Ford who is the franchise 's Han Solo . Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in


Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese . George , a Chicago native , died Friday at age 78 , of kidney cancer . Hundreds of clergy from around the country , plus Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner joined lay Catholics at Thursday 's services .


Metal bars have been fitted to close off balconies facing central court at Hengshui No 2 Middle School . Two students have plunged to death on campus since last October . The school is well-known for its highly stressful environment . All students must get up at 5:30 am and study for 10 hours a day .


ISIS has released yet another bloodthirsty propaganda video . The chilling video states there is ` no safety for any American on the globe ' It features footage of the Twin Tower attacks and threatens another 9/11 . Footage of beheadings , burnings and other atrocities is broadcast .


MLS team Orlando City the latest team to be linked with Javier Hernandez . The Manchester United striker has not impressed on loan at Real Madrid . United have made Andreas Pereira an improved contract offer .


Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez . The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £ 30million . Martinez came close to joining AC Milan in January but the club failed to agree a fee .


Jade Badland and her husband Aaron were drunk after wedding reception . When they got back to hotel she asked Asian family if they had Ebola . The couple also assaulted Brazilian worker , calling her a ` bloody foreigner ' They were both spared jail and ordered to carry out community service .


Christian Benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston Villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals QPR . Matt Phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against Villa and is proving key to Chris Ramsey 's side . Charlie Austin produced when it mattered to take his Premier League tally to 17 .


Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when the huge school of Trevally fish began circling above her. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.


Daniel Boykin plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping and unlawful telephone recording . He became obsessed with a female colleague . She discovered he was stalking her after finding photos on Boykin 's phone . He had 92 videos of the victim - 29 taken from the bathroom at Nashville International Airport - and 1,527 photos . Also broke into her home five times and took photos of her clothes . Told the court Thursday he was ` truly sorry ' Sentenced to six months prison followed by five years probation .


Evita Sarmonikas , 29 , died in Mexico in Mexico after undergoing a ` butt lift ' The doctor who performed the procedure had another patient die in 2013 . Ms Sarmonikas ' family ordered an independent autopsy on her body . They said it revealed inconsistencies with the report which said she died of cardiac arrest . The family raised funds to bring her body back to Australia . The AMA has warned against having procedures in developing nations .


Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran 's last-ditch legal appeal against their Indonesian death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta 's state administrative court . The court decided against allowing the pair 's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo 's decision to deny the two Australians clemency . Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president 's obligations in clemencies . The federal government has also asked that new legal options be allowed to run their course .


Chancellor said show was a ` fantastic advert for Britain and British talent ' He confessed to having a crush on its female lead character Demelza . Vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions which have encouraged the makers of Poldark and other series to choose the UK .


Goncalo Amaral claimed in book couple were involved in disappearance . McCanns told court they were left ` devastated and crushed ' by allegations . The couple also accuse Amaral of hampering the search for their daughter .


Half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle when it toppled on to one side at high speed . Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van , which is understood to have been transporting football fans . It is not yet clear how many people were hurt in the crash .


S300 barely takes off before plunging back to the ground . Minute-long clip shows people dashing for cover as rocket hits ground . Mishap comes shortly after footage of crash killing missile engineers .


Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba , Melbourne . The men filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes . However they failed to get the large loot in the boot . They decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash . The men are wanted for five similar break-ins in the area .


new england patriots await results of "deflategate" investigation . nfl hired attorney ted wells to investigate patriots' afc championship game balls .


aden gould, 21, opened two boxes containing £25 speakers in stoke-on-trent . he put them back on display but was immediately apprehended by security . mr gould, who has learning difficulties, was told to pay £150 security fee . sainsbury's has now revoked the ban and waived the £150 fine .


Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final . Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie . The forward says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .


Fifi M. Maacaron , 36 , from Newport News , Virginia , is a pharmacist . Natural Beauty Alchemy has over 100 recipes for natural products . Has organic recipes for face , hair and body that all can be mixed at home .


Tim Tebow signed with team Monday after news of the deal leaked Sunday . He inked deal in time to participate in team 's voluntary offseason program . 2007 Heisman Trophy winner played for Patriots , Jets and Broncos in NFL . Has thrown 173 completions , 17 touchdowns and nine picks in 35 games . Terms of the deal with the 6-3 , 236-pound player have not been released .


Russian LGBT activist Elena Klimova found her trolls on social media . She posted candid photos of them along with their hate-filled messages . MailOnline has chosen to blur the faces of those exposed .


youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "youtube spaces" "creators" have access to professional studios, training and many resources once out of reach . the tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to youtube partners .


Air Malta 's Airbus A319 flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff . The unusual flight was to celebrate the wedding of a pilot and a cabin crew member . The happy couple got married at Malta International Airport earlier that day . A spokeswoman for Air Malta said the couple were married at the airport .


Real Madrid face rivals Atletico in the Champions League on Wednesday . Quarter-final tie second leg is nicely poised as first leg ended 0-0 . Luka Modric , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema are all out injured .


There will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating. A 15-year-old man has also been arrested. The beating occurred on a MetroLink light rail train.


Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to Liverpool and Arsenal . The German coach said he believed Dortmund need a change of manager next season . He will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 as he looks for a fresh start elsewhere . The former Manchester United boss was immediately installed as


The Ohio woman revealed on Reddit that her unborn daughter 's dangerous condition would have left her unable to live outside the womb . Potential complications from the pregnancy put the anonymous mother 's life in danger . She and her Catholic husband had to get special approval for a doctor at Catholic hospital to perform the procedure . Though she is still grieving over the loss of the child she named Gwendolyn Renee , she ` does n't regret ' her decision .


Chris Sussman said particular jokes must go through ` a lot of layers ' Cautiousness comes after a ` difficult few years ' at the BBC , he added . Made the comments at a Bafta event on free speech and television .


thabo sefolosha says police caused his season-ending injury . sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage .


Twin studies are useful for exploring whether a trait is forged in the genes, passed down or by the environment. The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences. The twins were all born in the UK and were broadly representative of the UK population.


There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six . Sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th as the battle for survival heats up . Aston Villa drew 3-3 with Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa scored against QPR . Steve Bruce 's Hull are placed perilously above the drop zone in 17th with seven games remaining . Burnley


philip garrod, 43, caught doing 105mph on his powerful suzuki motorbike . he pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding . but he then began weaving web of lies to try and avoid driving ban . claimed he was rushing to work after colleague told him cyclist was injured . judge ordered adjournment to take witness statements before decision . bosses discovered extent of garrod's lies and opened misconduct hearing .


Luke Shaw has made just 17 appearances for Manchester United . Shaw joined United from Southampton last summer . The 19-year-old 's start at Old Trafford has been beset by injury problems . United travel to Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday evening . Luke Shaw : United players pranked Ashley Young after bird poo incident .


The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay. It can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. The interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design.


Aston Villa beat QPR 3-2 at Villa Park on Tuesday night . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to make the score 2-1 . Clint Hill and Charlie Austin scored for the home side . Stan Collymore was pictured leaping out of his seat in the press box . Villa are 16th in the Premier League table following the result . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .


Woman emerged from restaurant where she was held hostage for 7.5 hours . Police were called to Melbourne 's Riverside Quay after 10 pm on Sunday . A ` disgruntled ' former employee entered the storeroom armed with a knife . The 35-year-old man has been arrested but had yet to be charged .


The world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies . Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , with his two children , Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . Vonn accessorized extravagantly for the event with a Louis Viutton purse and a diamond-encrusted watch .


Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Bayern Munich claimed 3-0 victory . Thomas Muller scored with eight minutes remaining to complete win . Bayern Munich maintained their lead at the top of the Bundesliga .


Svetlana Kuznetsova beats Julia Goerges in straight sets in Fed Cup . Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova defeats Sabine Lisicki for 2-0 lead .


A New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting. The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert. The mom admitted to being a 'little on guard', but that the girl was 'dying to go'


Mesut Ozil failed to deliver against Chelsea despite a perfect opportunity . Cesc Fabregas would have had a bigger impact at Arsenal this season . Ozil showed poor technique when he had the chance to be a match winner . He may be a Juan Sebastian Veron , Andriy Shevchenko or Fernando Torres . READ MORE : Brendan Rodgers is ruining Rickie Lambert 's career . READ MORE : Manchester United need to raid Borussia Dortmund .


A piece of space history is going up for auction in New York this month . It is a bloodstained checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in 1965 . This spacecraft orbited Earth 66 times with two astronauts on board . Blood came from astronaut 's hand while trying to close the hatch in space .


Spending on consultants has doubled to £ 1.4 billion over the past four years . Now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending . Hundreds of ` team leaders ' working on aid projects earn at least £ 120,000 a year .


The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone . Getting a Nefertiti Lift , or lower face rejuvenation has become a must have in Hollywood . Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic . She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox .


Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company 's Facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business . He claims the decision is based on his religious views and Michigan does n't currently have laws in place preventing such discrimination . Critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $ 840,000 earlier this month . Klawiter claims he does n't need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .


According to eyewitnesses at Benihana 's Japanese Restaurant in Encino , California , Tori tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill . Tori was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment . It was determined that she needed skin grafts .


Matt Phillips gave QPR a seventh-minute lead in the crunch clash at Villa Park . But that lead only lasted three minutes , with Christian Benteke equalising for the hosts . Benteke then added a second after 33 minutes to nudge Villa ahead in the relegation scrap . Clint Hill was the unlikely man to level the scores after the break for Chris Ramsey 's side . Charlie Austin looked to have scored a late winner in an entertaining game on Tuesday night . But Benteke completed his hat-trick to earn a share of the spoils on 83 minutes .


Fairdale , a town 80 miles northwest of Chicago , was virtually flattened when the vortex hit on Thursday evening . Residents were bused back to their homes by the DeKalb County Sheriff 's Office in a bid to salvage what they could . Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed while the other 33 are damaged . Geraldine M Schultz , 67 , and Jacklyn K. Klosa , 69 , were killed inside one of the homes by the storm .


The female, named Varvara, travelled 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico. Scientists believe her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature's conservation status.


A 25-year-old man was born at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989. He was readmitted three months later, suffering a serious brain haemorrhage. Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection.


Residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal. The agreement between Iran and the West, struck after a 12-year stand-off, aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.


Jodie Barden , 28 , is mother to Ella , eight , and Chloe , one , who have Cockayne Syndrome . The condition causes premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . Sufferers usually do n't live to see their teenage years and die from pneumonia . Mrs Barden has made arrangements for both daughters ` funerals with her husband , Luke , 28 .


Nicklaus , a six-time winner at Augusta , added another glorious moment to his glittering Masters career with an ace on the fourth . The 75-year-old saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the cup . The crowd roared in celebration with several players stopping their round to cheer the Golden Bear . Colombian Camilo Villegas later eclipsed Nicklaus ' achievement , hitting two aces during his round . Villegas was beaten in a play-off by world No 74 Kevin Streelman .


Kim Kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter North , held at Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem 's Old City . The 12th century church sits within the Armenian quarter of the Old City , the reputed site of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ . Khloe Kardashian is godmother , while a priest acted as North 's godfather . North wore white baptismal gown in keeping with tradition . The youngster is now a Christian and a member of the Armenian church .


AP McCoy wins second feature race at Grand National festival . Rides Don Cossack to victory in Melling Chase on Friday . Set to ride favourite Shutthefrontdoor at Aintree on Saturday .


louis jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january . he hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted by the houston express . "i was grateful to god that my parents were not going to be worried about me," his father says .


Ballantyne Forder has been confirmed safe after her family and friends rallied to her cause. Around 549 Australians are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. The Australian actor Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother.


Ronda Rousey was at the Fast & Furious 7 premiere in Los Angeles . The UFC champion features in the blockbuster film , released on April 3 . The appearance follows her starring role in WWE Wrestlemania 31 . Her agent has said the WWE performance was a one-off occasion . CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .


Lorraine Cobourn can not even handle bananas following the incident . The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered when the yellow taxi struck her in May last year . She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling .


Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension if he starts the remaining seven matches of the season . The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer . The 31-year-old has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness . He will be one game closer to winning a new contract at St James ` Park .


Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their home in June 2001 . She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison . But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility . Her ex-husband Rusty , who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son , slammed her murder trial as the ` cruelest thing I have ever witnessed ' He insisted her actions were ` completely a result of her illness ' and maintains she was a good mother .


Vatanka : Tensions between Iran and Saudi Arabia are at an unprecedented level . Iran has proposed a four-point plan for Yemen but Saudis have ignored it . Vatanka : Saudis have tried to muster a ground invasion coalition but have failed .


Gianni Paladini has registered as director of Bradford 's holding company . The Italian has been searching for new club since leaving QPR in 2011 . Paladini made attempt to buy Birmingham and has been linked with Millwall .


Dante Servin , 46 , was found not guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Rekia Boyd , 22 , in March 2012 . Shot her in the back of the head as she stood outside a party with friends . Judge Dennis Porter asked her supporters to leave the courtroom . He feared there would be outbursts after the verdict was read out . The victim 's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed : ` You want me to be quiet ? This m ***** f ***** killed my sister ! '


Kim Sei-young eagled par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead. Lydia Ko's record-equalling run came to an end as she shot a level-par 65. Morgan Pressel, who at 18 became the youngest winner of a women's major at the 2007 Kraft Nabisco Championship, was frustrated.


roseanne barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma . the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 . some people, especially african americans, are at higher risk in their 40s .


Manny Pacquiao trained on the streets of Los Angeles on Friday . The 36-year-old ran along the trail at Griffith Park ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 . The Filipino boxer was joined by his dog Pacman as he worked out .


Philip Garrod caught while on way to work with Welsh Ambulance Service . Pleaded guilty to offence but asked for special consideration to avoid ban . Claimed he was rushing to see injured cyclist after message from colleague . Falsified patient document for fake cyclist injury on the A470 at Dolgellau . Rumbled after bosses checked 999 calls and found none matching the claim .


Lib Dems want only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars from 2040 . Clegg says he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' in cities . Launches £ 100million ` prize ' for firms who build first ultra low emission car .


Crystal Palace face Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Saturday . Ex-Newcastle boss Alan Pardew is prepared for a frosty reception . But he believes Black Cats fans should be more concerned about his side . Sunderland are 15th in the table and three points clear of the drop zone .


Prime Minister was giving campaign speech in south London on Saturday . He joked that everyone should back his team , but then named West Ham . Embarrassed Mr Cameron this morning said it must have been because he had been past West Ham 's famous Upton Park ground in East London the day before . He said : ` I ca n't understand it , but there we are


preston wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, sarah owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman, oklahoma . eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated . officers from norman police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother had been in a confrontation .


Suspect identified by French authorities as Sid Ahmed Ghlam . Prosecutor : Someone in Syria asked the arrested man to target French churches . Evidence connects terror plot suspect to the killing of Aurelie Chatelain , he says .


NEW: Yemen's education ministry says three students were killed. The school is located in Ibb province, about 500 meters from the base. The attack was another example of the chaos in Yemen, now the scene of some of the most chaotic fighting in the Middle East.


christine lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts . but instead she stole £78,000 and spent some of the money on shopping sprees . left her elderly father in debt and too poor to afford a telephone . lillico was jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000 .


stevan ridley has signed a one-year deal with the new york jets . ridley suffered a tear to his right acl last season . the 26-year-old played just six games for the patriots .


the 58-year-old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative . but she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week . 'i am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery. why? because i caught this early, have excellent doctors and because i got a second opinion,' she said .


Gary Gardner confirms he 'll report to Aston Villa for pre-season training . The 22-year-old is out on loan at Championship side Nottingham Forest . Tim Sherwood is keen to asses Gardner ahead of next season . The midfielder would prefer a move back to Forest if Villa does n't wok out . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .


More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual : an annual physical exam . Poll : 92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam . Dr . Ateev Mehrotra : randomized trials going back to the 1980s just do n't support it . He says patients should only go to the doctor if something is wrong , or if


West Ham no longer fear facing Manchester City , says Winston Reid . Reid was in side that beat City this season after five-game losing streak . Premier League champions have lost six of their last eight games . West Ham travel to the Etihad hoping to replicate October 's victory . New Zealand defender Reid has experience to stop Sergio Aguero .


Nicola Horlick , 54 , whoraised six children while working in the City . She said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at 25 and her last at 38 . She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office-even while carrying out job interviews . Disapproves of stay-at-home mothers because she believes the lifestyle will leave them twiddling


Karen Gaynor , 53 , appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage . Court heard how council officials had told her she could trim the tree but physically refused to show her how much . Ms Gaynor 's pruning of the tree ` went way beyond the lawful excuse ' and caused ` unnecessary damage ' Neighbour Kay Daye said the tree was in a good condition


Two children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening at the Arcadia Palms on East Sahara Avenue. One of them unintentionally set a fire inside. Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.


Kerry Hamilton had very rare cancer called leiomyosarcoma in her cervix . Had been told her symptoms were due to hormone problems . Was forced to undergo a hysterectomy but managed to freeze some eggs . Now wants others to be aware of ` everyday ' symptoms and get checked out .


Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds . His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others . Some commentators focused on Abbott 's drinking technique . Others suggested he was setting a bad example .


Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family . Keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world 's largest Easter Egg hunt at Traquair castle . Learn how to be a court jester at Stirling Castle with a special workshop for kids .


Physicists at the University of Oregon used basic physics to model the force and torque required to place a pukao on a Moai 's head . They concluded that the rounded oblong shape of the pukaos means that it would have required little energy to roll them up a ramp . This is despite the largest pukas measuring six-and-a-half feet -LRB- two metres -RRB- in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes -LRB- 1,890 stone -RRB-


Tiger Woods begins his 20th Masters ranked a lowly 111th in the world . Former world No 1 turned on the charm ahead of Masters 2015 at Augusta . American was joined by girlfriend Lindsay Vonn and his children . A fifth green jacket would take the 39-year-old 's major haul to 15 . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the Masters 2015 .


Julie Schenecker , 54 , was found guilty last year of murdering her son Beau , 13 , and daughter Calyx , 16 , in their Tampa , Florida home in January 2011 . In a jailhouse interview , she has now revealed she does not regret it . She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that her daughter was struggling with mental illness . Authorities said she had admitted to shooting the children for being ` mouthy ' and her journals detailed how she was going to kill them .


Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday . The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport . Mike Summerbee sent six coaches on their way from the Etihad Stadium at 1.30 pm . City have now apologised to fans and promised to hand out ticket refunds . The move is likely to cost the


Ray Gricar , 59 , went missing on April 15 , 2005 . His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River . His county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river . The prevailing theories have been suicide or walk-away .


Middle Tennessee State University George Davon Kennedy was arrested and charged with sexual assault Tuesday night . Police claim he was one of the participants in a gang rape that occurred in Panama City , Florida in March . Troy University students Delonte ' Martistee , 22 , and Ryan Austin Calhoun , 23 , were previously charged in the attack . Police in Troy , Alabama , found the video while investigating a shooting which ` shows two men raping unconscious woman on Florida beach ' Authorities say hundreds of people walk past but do n't intervene .


joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex . he grew suspicious wife amanda, 47, was having an alleged affair . councillor hired private investigator to follow her and they agreed to stay together . but o'riordan later attacked her - stabbing her in chest, torso, arms and back .


WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . The men were accused of being Assad agents working for the Syrian governmment . They were filmed barefoot and in shackles in an unknown prison at the start of the sick video . They were then blindfolded and transported in a van to the execution point . One by one the prisoners are beheaded by a fighter , dressed completely in black . It comes


indiana pacers beat washington wizards 99-95 on tuesday night . c.j. miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 for pacers . los angeles lakers beat phoenix suns 112-101 in final game of regular season .


WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . The photos were taken on the frontline of fighting outside Aleppo , Syria . They show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees . He is then shot at point blank range and dragged through a public square . Analysts believe his death was almost certainly by shooting , even though his moment of death is not shown and there are


Peter Barnett , 43 , travelled from Haddenham and Thame to Marylebone . But pretended to have gone from Wembley and tapped out with Oyster card . Deception places him among the ranks of Britain 's biggest fare dodgers . Oxford University-educated lawyer has admitted to six counts of fraud .


Another soldier received £ 411,000 because of psychological problems . MoD said it was misleading to compare compensation scheme payouts .


Kim Howe's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing Jenner. Mrs Howe's stepchildren are said to have 'lawyered up' because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit. Jenner's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended on a segment of the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, California.


Promoter : Manny Pacquiao 's has between 800 and 900 friends who want tickets to historic Las Vegas clash . Kenny Bayless named as referee in Mayweather-Pacquiao 's bout , dubbed the `` fight of the century ''


Shaheen Pirouz from Denton , Texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes immediately starting to close . He then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .


Labourer Pham Quang Lanh had metal plate inserted in head after injury . But the surgery caused his head to swell with a potentially fatal infection . Family spotted maggot infestation after he repeatedly complained of pain . Surgeons say the maggots had eaten the infected tissue but not his brain .


SNP leader challenges Miliband to respond to her offer of help after May 7 . Sturgeon says she will put Labour in power even if Tories win more seats . Warns the clock is ticking on her offer to help Miliband get into No. 10 .


Sergio Perez admits Force India are relying on June upgrade to improve . Mexican fears very painful year if upgrade fails to raise competitiveness . Force India missed much of pre-season testing and are well off the pace .


Michigan Micro Mote is a complete computer system less that 5 mm across . Contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light . Can be equipped with cameras , temperature and pressure sensors .


Rita , 24 , has designed range for adidas Originals . Designs are inspired by Asian culture , she tells FEMAIL . Star says she 's excited to see what the future holds for her .


The 40-year-old E! star has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry O'Connell in her memoir Going Off Script . Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell .


juarez, mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world . at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . five years later, local officials say the city is much safer .


Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey . The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 . Pacquaio also thanked NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .


william kerr, 53, was jailed for 17 years for 1996 murder of maureen comfort . he was released on licence in january and is believed to be in london . crimestoppers is offering a reward for information leading to his arrest .


The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey, produced in late spring by the bees in her Wiltshire garden. Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.


David Norris pounced as his wife was about to lay flowers on a grave . She begged him to think of their children but he stabbed her repeatedly . Norris , 51 , only stopped when his estranged wife ` played dead ' He was jailed for 20 years after being found guilty of attempted murder .


Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing the ZogSports kickball league. Gupta claims he broke his nose and elbow during a match in 2013. The match took place on Roosevelt Island, New York.


Grand jury decides not to indict officers in shooting of Jason Harrison. Harrison's mother calls 911 for help getting him to hospital. Harrison, 39, was shot five times, including twice in back.


Durham University scientists studied a ` clump ' of dark matter . It was found to lag behind the galaxy it was associated with . This suggests dark matter particles can self-interact and slow down . It means dark matter may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought .


Police say the shooting may have been a hate crime. The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee at the school. Lane was a white, as is the suspect.


Kim Kardashian , 34 , was pictured dining with husband , rapper Kanye West , 37 , and Jerusalem 's mayor , Nir Barkat , on Monday . Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page . He wrote that he had joined them ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city ' However , the next day , only


Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has been working with Paula Radcliffe . Radcliffe admits she was close to pulling out of Sunday 's London Marathon . The annual race will be Radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career . German doctor Muller-Wohlfahrt has previously worked with Ronaldo .


New Indiana law : No one has the legal right to ` refuse to offer or provide ' goods , services , facilities or employment to anyone in previously protected classes or based on sexual orientation or gender identity . ` It was never intended to discriminate against anyone , ' Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long said this morning at a press conference . Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state 's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson . Altered law more closely mirror federal legislation ; it passed the Senate last night and is now under consideration in the House .


Victim Shahnawaz , 40 , was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car . Two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begged bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death . No one came to their father 's rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them


UK Oil & Gas Investments described discovery as ` world class ' last week . They claimed the site in Sussex could yield up to 100 billion barrels of oil . Company 's share price increased by 200 per cent following ` breakthrough ' But it has today admitted there may not be as much oil there as suggested . They based their estimates on the 55-square-miles they have licence for . It makes up for less than two per cent of the entire Weald Basin .


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 . Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry go head-to-head . Both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them in the studio . Mayweather will finally take on his greatest rival .


Chelsea set to follow Tottenham's lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under. The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses and the concept of fulfilling commercial obligations straight after a Premier League campaign is appealing to clubs. The concept of fulfilling commercial obligations straight after a Premier League campaign is appealing to clubs.


The 1985 Bradford fire killed 56 people and injured 265 . Sir Oliver Popplewell 's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident . He stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson . He said : ` I do n't think it 's going to affect what we decided but I think it is important from a public point of view that the police look


Italian Esa astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti and US astronaut Terry Virts have snapped images of a typhoon . They took them from the ISS while orbiting Earth at a height of 255 miles -LRB- 410 km -RRB- Super typhoon Maysak was a top-rated category 5 typhoon , and will make landfall in the Philippines this weekend . As it moved over the Pacific Ocean , the storm generated winds of more than 140mph -LRB- 225km/h -RRB-


Police are trying to find vigilante paedophile hunters accused of posing as children online. The group working in the North-West has been accused of filming the attacks and then sending online messages demanding money to keep the film secret. One teenager has told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by the gang.


Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Ander Herrera scored twice in the 43rd minute to put United ahead . Louis van Gaal said he was so pleased with Herrera 's opening goal he kissed him at half-time . The Dutchman said he had been imploring the Spaniard to control the ball before shooting . United moved above local rivals Manchester City and into third


Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. He was one of the defendants in a lawsuit filed by a man who alleged that Rapiejko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him. The charges against Colon were dropped six months later.


Angela Maxwell returned to Coningsby Community Hall yesterday morning . The 67-year-old and her husband won £ 53million in last week 's lottery . Couple said they planned to spend money on a new minibus for local OAPs . Mrs Maxwell volunteers for the council preparing meals for pensioners . She returned to the lunchtime club yesterday morning despite the windfall .


jonas gutierrez came in for his first start in 20 months . the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer . dick advocaat won a derby in his second game in charge .


Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the Web . com Tour but decided to enter qualifying for the Houston event . The 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place at the Shell Houston Open on Sunday . Day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the Masters after the event in South Carolina . Jordan Spieth leads


Two BMW drivers violently clashed after a road rage row in east London . A 25-year-old motorist rammed fellow driver who had stripped in street . He was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and has been bailed . Video shows shirtless man punching fellow motorist through car window .


Protein World posters on London Underground being removed. View of bikini-clad model Renee Somerfield has caused stir. The 24-year-old has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.


Sudan is guarded day and night by rangers to keep him from poachers . His horn has been removed to stop it being lost to illegal trade . Rhino horn fetching as much as £ 47,000 per kilo as demand grows .


Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate and Autumn Burns appeared with their attorney Gloria Allred on Thursday. They claim they were abused by Cosby in the 1980s and 1990s. Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.


Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam at the Masters . Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era . The 25-year-old shot one under par in the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday . Click here for more Masters news .


The singer had been off the scene for a while . She says she was bedridden for months . Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower .


Police chief says shooting does not have apparent connection to terrorism . Unidentified male walked through a public area and shot himself , police say . Authorities treated the shooting as suspicious packages , prompting the lockdown . The lockdown was lifted about 3 : 50 p . m . ET .


Arsene Wenger called for the competition to be scrapped last year . And Jose Mourinho is in agreement with his great Premier League rival . The Chelsea boss said : ` Wenger is against the Ballon d'Or , and he 's right ' They are seven points ahead of Arsenal with a game in hand . Mourinho : I have a problem , I am getting better and better .


Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast triathlon in Australia on Saturday . The 24-year-old has now won consecutive races in the ITU series . Brownlee saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53 . World champion Javier Gomez took third .


Django Greenblatt-Seay , 33 , thought the ad would help his post stand out and ` add a little flair to it ' Commercial includes cinematic overhead shots Greenblatt-Seay filmed using his drone . It is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial and dubbed by Greenblatt-Seay to make the information relevant .


President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman. In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year. He hosted just seven in his first six years in office.


£ 2.99 editing app is thought to be loved by Kim Kardashian . Allows you to retouch face , banish wrinkles and change eye colour . FEMAIL tests out retouching skills on their selfies .


laura sumner, 24, has been fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation . she was researching soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her phd . russian media has branded her 'agent sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot .


A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website , GoFundMe , on Wednesday . A separate fundraising campaign was started on site , Indiegogo , titled the ` Michael T. Slager Support Fund ' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform . As of Thursday at 11 am , it had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from 20 people . One of the individuals who donated listed their name as ` Trayvon ' - perhaps a twisted reference to Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black teenager shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida in 2012 . The company told Daily Mail Online ` they do n't judge ' as


The Yankee Stadium signage was bought by Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson when the stadium was shuttered in 2008 for an undisclosed sum . Before the auction , Jackson had promised to fly out himself to see the letters at the winner 's home .


Emilo Izaguirre has rallied his team-mates ahead of final six league games . Celtic 's hopes of winning domestic Treble came to an end on Sunday . Ronny Deila 's side were knocked out of the Scottish Cup semi-final . READ : Celtic write to SFA over Josh Meekings handball controversy .


Blackburn secure easy win over 10-man Leeds United at Elland Road . Midfielder Rudi Austin sent off in first half for the home side . Tom Cairney , Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing strike for Rovers .


Sally Kohn : Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics . She says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law .


Craig Roberts , 36 , went to Chadderton Post Office to top up electric meter . But staff said he would not be served unless he left his guide dog outside . Mr Roberts was born with glaucoma and has 30 per cent vision in one eye . He was eventually served after a ten minute standoff with an employee .


A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35 am as the most hectic , frenzied time of day in Australian households . Breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year . Aussie kids eat nut spreads 6.7 times a week .


Carlos Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with Juventus . The striker has always said he wants to finish his career at Boca Juniors . Tevez 's international manager Tata Martino claims a move would have no bearing on the player 's Argentina future .


Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin are out of contract in the summer . Neither player has been a first-team regular in recent weeks . But manager Roberto Martinez insists both can force a new deal . Everton have identified targets for the summer , including Tom Cleverley .


Manchester City are interested in Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere . But Arsene Wenger insists the England international is not for sale . Wilshere , Abou Diaby and Mikel Arteta passed fit for Burnley clash . Laurent Koscielny facing fitness test on injury sustained against Liverpool .


Manchester United face Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday . Louis van Gaal 's side have won six of their last seven Premier League games . Wayne Rooney , Ashley Young , Radamel Falcao , Daley Blind , Michael Carrick and Marcos Rojo all ruled out . Juan Mata returns to Old Trafford for the first time on Saturday . The 29-year-old may have to revert to a midfield


A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House . President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation . A fluted band of Kailua Blue , framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line , appears on all pieces of the service , except the dinner and serving plates .


the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson, missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down by a police officer last august . but by sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk . a second tree that was close to the brown memorial and had been dedicated by a ferguson resident to their dead pet was also vandalized .


Wakē rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time . Alarm uses focused beams of light to create a ` personal sunrise ' It also emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed . Wall-mounted device is available to order via Kickstarter for $ 250 -LRB- £ 167 -RRB-


Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford -LRB- Saturday , 3pm -RRB- . Robin van Persie is out of the match with an ankle injury . Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but Chris Smalling is a big doubt . Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after a calf injury . Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos are in training but could still miss out .


Dr Habeeb Latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three of his patients . Assaults allegedly happened at Hendford Medical Centre in Yeovil . One woman patient , 37 , went to see GP with a stiff neck and headache .


Manchester United 4-2 Manchester City : Click here to read the match report . Manuel Pellegrini has orchestrated a limp Premier League title defence . City did n't go for Diego Costa , Cesc Fabregas or Angel di Maria . The are stuck with the likes of Jesus Navas at the Etihad Stadium . The defending champions must bring in big names to grow as a club . ADRIAN DURHAM : Louis van Gaal should win manager of the year .


Juan Mata has revealed Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016 in France. The Manchester United midfielder has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 World Cup. Mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the Spain squad after missing out since the World Cup.


Charlie Sumner , 20 , invaded pitch at Reading 's Madejski Stadium in March . He did four front flips during FA Cup clash before stewsards tackled him . Sumner , from Wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games . But he said he has no regrets and that his family had ` seen the funny side '


People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -LRB- RBD -RRB- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams . They can be fighting enemies , or fleeing danger , and act out these dreams in their beds . This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around , punching , kicking and jumping out of bed . People with the condition are believed


President Obama is speaking out about climate change. He is meeting with health experts in Washington to discuss the issue. Obama: "I remember when I first went to college in 1979, the air was so bad that you couldn't go running outside"


Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus for the rest of the spring semester . The probation was decided last week , but the school announced the move on Monday . 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol . Last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November . A member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house during the incident . In September , a 19-year-old student , Caitlyn Kovacs , died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party .


News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke gave evidence at a corporate tax inquiry today . Mr Clarke engaged in a fiery sparring match with Greens leader Christine Milne . Ms Milne expressed a dim view of The Australian newspaper , which is published by News Corp Australia . ` You 're a minority , ' Mr Clarke argued . ` Not according to sales , ' Ms Milne responded . Executives from Google , Microsoft and Apple also appeared at the hearing in Sydney .


YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . Footage shows the tabby producing bizarre noises as she is petted .


Chelsea are poised to join Arsenal in the hunt for Raheem Sterling . Manchester City are also interested in the 20-year-old Liverpool star . Brendan Rodgers said Reds winger is ` going nowhere ' this summer .


Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide . The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady , New York . The Central Arizona Project and the Salt River Project invested in research to make it a reality .


England captain Alastair Cook has n't scored a Test century for 33 inning . Cook became England 's second highest Test run scorer on Wednesday . Stuart Broad said his skipper can put England in a winning position . Cook -LRB- 37 -RRB- and Jonathan Trott -LRB- 32 -RRB- were not out at stumps after day two . England are 74-0 , 225 runs behind , after bowling West Indies out for 299 . Broad said an action change overnight gave his bowling an added 10mph .


francis pusok, 30, fled his southern california home on thursday after sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him for identity theft charges . helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching him more than 80 times as he led them on a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback . pusok said he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that a deputy whispered into his ear 'this isn't over' .


Chipotle is stepping away from using GMOs -LRB- genetically modified organisms -RRB- as ingredients . The company 's rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with GMOs . However , GMO-feed is still consumed by the chickens and pigs the company uses . Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said ` They say these ingredients are safe , but I think we all know we 'd rather have food that does n't contain them '


Twisted Sister 's 2016 tour will be its last . Band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 . Twisted Sister drummer A.J. Pero died in March .


John Clarkson, 55, from Preston, Lancashire, has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question. The Creme Egg is then served with chips to more adventurous customers at a price of £2.75. The pie is then covered with a lid and dipped in batter before being quickly deep fried.


Paul Nungesser says he was target of gender-based harassment campaign . The case drew national attention after his accuser started carrying a mattress around campus .


Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League. The 57-year-old has never been relegated from the Premier League. Pulis has never managed to keep a club in the top half of the Premier League.


Maria Malone-Guerbaa , 41 , from London , used nothing but paints . The mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects . She simply googled pictures of bunnies , picking one she liked best and replicating it on her face .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts , may face death penalty . The sentencing phase starts April 21 ; a judge predicts it will last four weeks . He warns jurors not to do anything that could be prejudicial to the case .


The rapper/entrepreneur went `` stream of consciousness '' on Twitter . He asked users to be patient with Tidal , his new music streaming service . A parody account was set up to mock his hashtag .


House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes , 61 , in their sights and were prepared to open fire . ` Had it gotten any closer to the speaker 's balcony they have long guns to take it down , but it did n't . It landed right in front , ' McCaul said . Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone .


The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Ohio on Saturday . Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in cold waters .


Maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken . It 's forecast to hit the Philippines during the Easter weekend .


Country music star booked July 17 concert benefiting Sandy Hook Promise . Conservative fans mad that star helping raise money for gun control . Commenters say that he could slide to obscurity like the Dixie Chicks did after statements criticizing George W Bush .


Aliesha Peterson , 22 , first started exercising in August 2013 in an effort to lessen her depression . After three months of sticking with it , she admitted that she started to ` somewhat enjoy it ' As of April 2015 , the Alberta , Canada , resident has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack . The 22-year-old 's workouts are made up of exercises that focus on


joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at crystal palace . ward has played every minute of palace's premier league campaign . the 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back this season . ward joined the eagles from portsmouth in may 2012 .


Tristram Hunt , Labour 's shadow education secretary , said : ` Yes . In certain circumstances ' He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector . Just seven per cent of children in the UK are privately educated . Ukip 's James Arnott and the Green Party 's Jim Humphreys also agreed that there was no problem with a future


#ThisDoesn ` tMeanYes captured images of 200 women across London . It aims to stamp out the myth that women are to blame for rape . They have asked women to share their own photos using the hashtag .


Demetric Nelson , 27 , broke into a 53-year-old woman 's home and demanded money , deputies said . He allegedly told the woman to take him to another home , where he ordered her to get in the trunk of her car . Nelson could n't drive the car because of the manual transmission , however , and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape , authorities said .


Real Madrid playmaker James Rodriguez fractured his foot in February . Carlo Ancelotti has revealed Rodriguez will start against Granada . Real Madrid are currently four points behind league leaders Barcelona .


the red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 . two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and lincoln expert doris kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at the henry ford . lincoln's chair has been part of the museum started by pioneering automaker henry ford since its founding 85 years ago .


iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design . The Massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn . The frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on .


Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in their first round contest at The Crucible. O'Sullivan had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday afternoon. The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday afternoon.


CBS political analyst John Dickerson has been announced as the new host of Face the Nation. The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week.


this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.


Kendra Moad of Kearns , Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway . He did not see the 20-month-old toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans . This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah . Kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived , and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital . The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .


Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him . The 23-year-old was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at the London Marathon . While stretching he suddenly produced a ring box from behind his back . His girlfriend , Kayleigh Harris , appears speechless by the sudden gesture . He then seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle and carries on with his race .


90 per cent of women experience menstrual pain during their period . One in ten will suffer from endometriosis but it can take up to ten years to be diagnosed . Despite this women do n't know what it is or if their pain is normal . Naturopathic doctor Lara Briden shares natural remedies for period pain .


Julian Zelizer : Democratic populism ca n't really work within the current campaign finance system . He says the pressure for parties to raise funds in campaigns has created pressure on Democrats to court big donors . He says even at his most progressive moments , President Barack Obama relied on Wall Street donations for both campaigns . He says Obama 's decision to abandon the post-Watergate public finance system


Driver crashed his uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night . The Ferrari was reportedly purchased by the owner only a week ago . A male passenger was also seriously injured in the crash . The 1991 Ferrari 348 is worth between $ 90k and $ 110k . The passenger was conscious and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre .


Miller : While the U.S. entangles itself in the nuclear negotiations , Iran is gaining a freer hand to assert its regional influence . He says United States is being outfoxed , not outgunned .


Chris Ramsey , the only black manager in the Premier League , is a classic example . Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out . Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it .


Taylor Davis , 20 , was seen in the Kissimmee , Florida store , touching himself and following a female shopper on Tuesday . He told deputies he went to Walmart to do some shopping and listened to audio porn on his phone while inappropriately touching himself . The Disney employee engaged in similar behavior at the theme park . The 20-year-old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail .


Couple from Lincolnshire won the eight-figure sum on Tuesday . They become the tenth biggest British winners in lottery history . The husband said he thought the win was an April Fools ' Day trick . Comes the day after a couple living nearby won for the second time .


Steve Tempest-Mitchell had gastric bypass surgery to shrink his stomach . The 56-year-old took drastic measure after tipping the scales at 32st . Bradford father-of-three was struggling to control diabetes . Almost housebound and was consuming eight cans of fizzy drinks a day . Had to be helped onto a plane in a wheelchair or special buggy .


Jose Mourinho under fire after Chelsea only have 30 per cent possession in Saturday 's 1-0 win over Manchester United at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea 's football this season has been pragmatic but ultimately effective . Mourinho has learnt from the mistakes of last season to lead a title charge . READ : Mourinho warns his young players he can not play them all . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .


peter thurston, 80, builds 'catamavan' on the river swale in kent . the vessel has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and tables . it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots .


Officer Michael Slager is being held at Charleston County jail accused of murdering Walter Scott , shooting him eight times in the back . Slager 's wife Jamie is eight and a half months pregnant . ` He will not be allowed to see the child , ' Major Eric Watson of the Charleston County Sheriff 's Office tells Daily Mail Online . Prisoners are not allowed access to the internet or mobile phone videos . No date has yet been set for his first court appearance and his full trial date could more than a year away . Walter was stopped for allegedly having a faulty center stop light at the bottom of his rear windscreen . Family tell says the light was an accessory and both mandatory stop lamps were functioning .


Charlesetta Taylor , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis . This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency . The city may also tear down 49 other homes to make sure the NGA does not leave the city , and take the 3,000 jobs it provides . There are three other sites being looked at that would not displace as many people .


The BBC 's online game , Syrian Journey , often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia . Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria , either via Turkey or Egypt . Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers and women being sold between militia groups .


Attorney General Holder reiterates Justice Department policy on prostitutes . Soliciting prostitutes is banned , even in places where it 's legal , Holder says . His memo comes weeks after a report involving DEA agents and prostitutes .


Five-day-old hippopotamus was flung into the air after straying into firing line of an adult male , which was tussling with its rival . The calf 's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park .


Range unveiled amid warmongering in Ukraine and borders of Baltic States . Features the slogan ` polite ' - a phrase used to justify takeover of Crimea . Comes ahead of 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War .


charles kingham, 86, and partner pauline moore, 68, have been together for 40 years . bought their home in mablethorpe, lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987 . spent two years converting it into their dream home, but it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into integrated offender management centre . couple have suffered health problems as a result of the stress ordeal has put them under .


Alfonso Thomas has agreed a deal to coach Delhi Daredevils . Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle . Thomas is not yet fit for Somerset 's LV = County Championship match against Durham .


Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship . Stuart McCall 's side are in pole position to go up via the play-offs . But McCall is still not certain of his future at the club next season . Rangers boss says he is still trying to build the squad for next year . Rangers have begun to expand their scouting after several poor years .


The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners . It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of YouTube for a monthly fee . The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube 's Creator Studio Dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on June 15,2015 . YouTube will pay creators 55


Camilla is now one of the most popular members of the Royal Family . She is close to her stepsons and is often seen joking with them at events . The Duchess has also won over the Queen and is said to be ` close ' to her .


the vatican is training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists . more than 40 years after the exorcist left cinema audiences green . the tenth edition of the annual course, ‘exorcism and prayer of liberation’, began this morning at rome’s regina apostolorum university . one of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions .


Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister . Mr Farage dropped demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal . In direct appeal to Tory voters he said he believed many were in ` their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum


Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for allegedly mocking the 1958 Munich Air Disaster. They were accused of making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy. A total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich.


If newly revised training materials are approved by a federal judge , new cadets could be taking courses reminding them `` not to engage in racial profiling '' The training notes , which include 140 pages of instruction and PowerPoint slides , are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the NYPD 's `` Stop , Question and Frisk '' practice unconstitutional . The NYPD has said the policy


Doug Hughes , 61 , steered his small gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the U.S. Capitol . Rep. Jason Chaffetz said Hughes ` should have been blown out of the air ' Chaffetz said security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . A ` judgment call ' was made not to shoot Hughes down , Chaffetz said . Rep. Elijah Cummings said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down Hughes . Hughes landed the gyrocopter on the West Lawn . He was charged with two federal crimes , violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft .


The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight 's episode of the FYI series . Jaclyn Methuen , who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' during their romantic trip to Puerto Rico .


Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the Arc de Triomphe on Instagram . The Tottenham striker has one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham . The Togo international has not scored in the league since October .


Society with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity , according to a study by the National Evolutionary Synthesis Centre -LRB- Nescent -RRB- in Durham , North Carolina . Study suggests that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats . Communitys that believe in a high , controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code tend to live in politically


Koby Hodder was playing British Bulldog when he suffered a cardiac arrest . His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed . Teachers at Koby 's school in Doncaster , were able to give Koby CPR until paramedics arrived and saved his life . The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba , a former Bolton Wanderers player . Koby had a device fitted to his heart which will shock it back into rhythm .


giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world . arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to deliver mail . retired couple brian and charlotte smith have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments .


Jan Jones bought bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine as a present . Her daughter drank a mouthful of the wine and later broke out in welts . The family inspected the liquid they found it was clear and smelt of bleach . Tesco said wine was made by supplier and has launched an investigation .


Boy named Shiva was found in possession of stolen stationary items . Teacher reported him to school 's headmaster for a formal investigation . Lalit Verma reportedly launched in to a furious assault on the young boy . Shiva later complained of a bad stomach ache and started vomiting blood . Ambulance was called but the 11-year-old died before reaching a hospital .


Adrien Broner and 50 Cent were seen in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday. The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event featuring Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson and Irish Andy Lee. 50 Cent called Garcia out, again, for a September fight after 'Swift' kept his unbeaten record in tact.


Two moon bears on Vietnamese bile farms are brutally slaughtered a day . Bears are kept in tiny 2ft by 4ft metal ` crush cages ' with no room to move . Their body parts are sold on the black market for just £ 625 per bear . MailOnline probes resort where 30 bears have been killed in three months . Dame Judi Dench signs petition calling for end to cruel bear bile trade .


Dax Internet Addiction Treatment Centre in Beijing has welcomed 6,000 patients since it opened its doors in 2006 . The military-style bootcamp claims to have cured 75 per cent of their addiction to electronic gadgets . Internet addiction or wangyin is said to affect 24 million of the China 's 632 million web users .


Fraser Ross , who founded the fashion brand , is embroiled in a legal dispute . His behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport -LRB- LAX -RRB- to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship . Multi-millionaire , from Aberdeen , is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX store . Despite bearing Kitson


FEMAIL rounds up practical products for summer . Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun-proof T-shirt on her site . Temperature-regulating dresses aim to keep you cool in hot climes .


Mark Lowe , 32 , from Skelmersdale , Lancashire , is serving a five-year sentence . He beat and kicked his brother Wayne , then 33 , to death after he tried to stab him . Mark 's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone . She said : ` -LSB- Mark -RSB- will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he


Plane was flying from Guangzhou , China to Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Boeing 777-300ER was forced to land in Mumbai the first time to refuel . It departed but had to return due to engine trouble , Indian media reported . Passengers disembarked and were transferred to a hotel . What should have been a 10-hour flight turned into a day-long delay . Ethiopian was recently named one of the world 's most reliable carriers .


bayern munich host porto in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola's side trail the bundesliga leaders by 12 points . bayern are in the german cup semi-final against borussia dortmund .


Jay Dasilva building a strong reputation in Chelsea 's youth system . The young defender has been earmarked as a future first-team player . Chelsea have not produced a homegrown regular since John Terry . But Jose Mourinho insists he will give youth players a chance . Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been guaranteed a place in the squad .


Nadine Crooks , 33 , has four children aged 18 years to 18 months . She was told she would n't be able to conceive again after fourth child . Stopped taking contraceptives and was stunned to fall pregnant again . The shocks continued as she found out she 's expecting triplets .


For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday , April 28 . The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice . Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores '


Defender Darryl Westlake fired Kilmarnock ahead in the 50th minute . Midfielder Kris Commons levelled for the home side eight minutes later . Sub Leigh Griffiths netted three goals in a remarkable 19-minute spell . Celtic moved eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership .


Yaya Toure has hinted he is open to a move away from Manchester City . The 31-year-old has been linked with a move to Inter Milan . Toure is wanted by his former manager Roberto Mancini . City are fourth in the Premier League after a dismal run of form .


Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction . Participants pray to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . Festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses , while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages .


islamic state have stepped up their use of teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks . a teenage suicide bomber named as abu hafs al-badri blew himself up at a checkpoint in iraq . al-badri is claimed to be the cousin of isis leader abu bakr al-bagdadhi . the extremist group have also used abu basir al-shami and abu yaqoub al-iraqi .


Cab driver sings along to Pavarotti word perfectly and in tune . Passenger is shocked and congratulates the man while filming .


holly barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains . she chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before . but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms - blood clots blocking her lungs . they killed the tissue and stopped her breathing properly . she was treated with medication but a year later was dealt another blow . doctors found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung .


Andy Murray is getting married to Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday . British No 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal . Former Wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman .


Kevin Bollaert was found guilty of 27 counts of identity theft and extortion . He operated ugotposted.com , where anonymous users posted nudes without the subject 's consent . He then earned tens of thousands from running changemyreputation.com , where victims would pay fees of $ 300 to $ 350 to have their photos removed . Also published their names , addresses and social media details . Victims spoke out and said they received a slew of ` crude comments ' on social media but no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures . Bollaert was sentenced to 18 years Friday , which Judge said reflected amount of victims .


Wang Pingan was riding his trusty mountain bike through Guandong province. He had locked up the bike to check out electronics markets. But thieves struck within 10 minutes of arrival and took the bike.


beatriz paez says she was recording police activity . she says a deputy u.s. marshal grabbed her phone and smashed it with his foot . the incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street .


Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England 's first innings against West Indies in Antigua . The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned , but he still produces with the ball . He has an ability to come up with that magic spell that changes the whole course of a match .


Jonny Howson scored on his return to Elland Road to put Norwich ahead . Graham Dorrans hit the crossbar with a first half penalty . The Norwich midfielder made amends with a second goal in injury-time . The result keeps Norwich in the automatic promotion places .


Kamron Taylor , 23 , was caught in South Side , Chicago , with a loaded gun on Friday night . Officers chased him three blocks before he was apprehended . He is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the Kankakee County Sheriff 's Office . Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr , 21 . In February


premier league returns this weekend after international break . chelsea have won all three of their matches following international break . everton lead post-internal table with three wins from three . six premier league clubs still chasing first win after international break .


James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago . Mounting public pressure and an online petition forced him to resign . No gender was specified in the union 's job description guidelines . But the union has now introduced that the applicant must be a female .


Response across social media led to multiple trending topics for Hillary Clinton 's presidential announcement . Some responded to her video and her new campaign logo .


Christopher Stefanoni , 50 , says his son was moved to a lower team in the Little League because of his affordable housing plans . The town of Darien is 94 per cent white , with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks . Stefanoni made a total of three affordable housing applications , one of which was ultimately approved .


Lake Teller in Boulder , Colorado , has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish . Wildlife officials say the animals started as someone dumped ` four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . They are now threatening to over-run the natural species by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases . In November 2012 , over 2,000 koi goldfish


Manchester City defeated West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash . David Silva was taken to hospital after a challenge by Chiekhou Kouyate . Spain international has allayed fans ' fears with a Twitter message .


Ellen Weirich opened her US school after successfully helping a friend . Le Femme now helps both transgender and cross-dressers alike . Women are taught airs and graces required to be more female . Also taught how to cover up stubble and create a convincing cleavage .


len barnes, 57, from stockton, was diagnosed with clostridium difficile . he shed three stone and suffered bouts of diarrhoea and constant pain . doctors suggested he undergo a faecal transplant to fight the infection . his daughter debbie, 52, stepped in to act as a donor for the procedure . the solution was then transplanted into mr barnes' gut via an endoscope .


Tori Hester , 25 , from San Diego , California , was diving in Cabo Pulmo . Husband Jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment . ` I was awe-struck . I had never seen anything like that before in my life '


Tibor Racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle , north of Sydney , on Sunday night . He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete .


Lee Cattermole will return from suspension to face rivals Newcastle United . Sunderland midfielder has missed the Black Cats last two matches . But , manager Dick Advocaat insists the midfielder will face Newcastle . However , defender Wes Brown will miss the derby match through injury .


The group were on a crabbing trip near Anderson Island , Washington . They video two killer whales jumping from water at a safe distance . Suddenly the pod get closer and swim underneath the small boat . Video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .


Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in 0-0 draw with Burnley . It came after he played and scored for England for the first time . Kane has hailed the spell as the ` best week of my life ' in a brilliant season . Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has not given up hope of top-four place . But they are now seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City .


Kathleen Bailey, 70, given power of attorney over dying friend's finances. She helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales. Court heard Bailey had been a carer for her dying friend, who was battling breast cancer.


Twiggy has unveiled her colourful summer range for high street giant . Shows off her timeless looks and sense of style in shoot . Admits that she would n't rule out cosmetic surgery .


Calls for Lee Wan-koo to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul . Sung , who was under investigation for fraud and bribery , left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials .


Rangers are currently second in the Championship with three games to go . Finishing third would mean playing two extra play-off matches vs fourth . But manager Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of finishing third .


Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday . The French centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with a hamstring injury . Sakho will sit out his side 's clash against Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday night and is set to miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa at Wembley on April 19 .


Labour leader accused of 'weaponising dead migrants' in row over the Mediterranean. For the first time, senior Tories say Miliband is 'effectively accusing the Prime Minister of murder' Nick Clegg says Miliband's comments are 'distasteful' and 'a political point-scoring blame game'


Timothy Eli Thompson was born on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities . Facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story . A post about the removal of the photo by Eli 's mother Brandi McGlathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours . A Facebook spokesperson said : ` The photo


Mick Schumacher makes his ADAC Formula 4 debut this weekend . The season 's first race takes place at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben . The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team . Seven-time Formula One world champion Michael is recovering after a serious head injury in December 2013 .


Thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and the Plains . Tornadoes could strike Thursday night and Friday .


Postman Adam Prowse danced with customer Nichola Sullings . Pair boogied to Michael Jackson 's ` Do n't Stop 'Til You Get Enough ' Adam has since received much admiration from female viewers . Royal Mail said : ` It is a pleasure to have him working for us '


John Roberts is at judicial crossroads as high court to hear key same-sex marriage case . Case could decide whether same-sex couples nationwide have constitutional right to marry . Chief justice disappointed conservatives earlier when he helped uphold Obamacare .


The pictures were released by French Defence Audio-visual Communication and Production Unit . Taken during an airborne operation at the ` Salvador Pass ' at the border between Libya and Niger . Part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel -- the desert region which stretches across North Africa .


Navinder Singh Sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades . Prosecutors believe Sarao used special computer software to manipulate market . He allegedly triggered -- from his home computer in Hounslow , London -- the Wall Street ` Flash Crash ' of May 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices . On May 6,2010 , the US


The nephew of President John F Kennedy attended the screening of a anti-vaccination documentary Tuesday in Sacramento , California . The California State Legislature is currently deciding a bill that would make vaccinations mandatory for all children - no matter their parents ' beliefs . RFK Jr is a vaccine skeptic and believes there is a connection between an immunization chemical called thimerosal and autism . The scientific community at large says vaccines are not dangerous .


Author Lisa Erspamer invited celebrities and a number of other people to write heartfelt notes to their mothers for her new book A Letter to My Mom . Stars such as Melissa Rivers , will.i.am , and Christy Turlington participated in the moving project .


Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal. Young has been instrumental in their six game winning run and is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.


WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT : Attacker targeted crowd of military personnel and civilians in Jalalabad . 35 people died and 125 were injured after the suicide bomber detonated an explosive-laden motorbike . Islamic State has since claimed responsibility and the country must stand united , President Ghani said .


An Australian bat has found an unlikely cure for his arthritis in a cup of tea . The 22-year-old bat picked up the taste while drinking from his owner 's cup . The rest of the 25 bats in the aviary have acquired a taste for the tea too . While it may look like regular tea it is his own purpose-made tea .


Aeman Presley , 34 , faces charges stemming from a string of murders that officials say he committed last year . His alleged victims were Calvin Gholston , 53 ; Dorian Jenkins , 42 ; Tommy Mims , 68 ; and Karen Pearce , 44 . Presley had reportedly moved from Los Angeles to Atlanta to restart his acting career , but bought a gun with the stated intent of using it for robbery . Instead , after Presley killed Gholston , he began seeking out others to kill .


Jay Parini : When religious identity , ethics , tolerance are roiling the culture , it 's worth looking at message of Holy Week and Easter . He says ritual enactment of these three days is reminder that again and again the human condition moves through darkness into light .


Dr. Kristen Lindsey has since removed the post of her holding the dead cat by an arrow . Her employer fired her ; the sheriff 's office is investigating . Activist offers $ 7,500 reward .


Elanora Baidoo married Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku in 2009 . Marriage was not consummated and Blood-Dzraku has disappeared . Judge in Brooklyn has allowed Baidoo to issue divorce papers via Facebook .


Volkswagen Westfalia Camper van is associated with Seventies, Summer of Love and nature-loving hippies. Now the iconic van is about to get greener, because the bus will be reborn as an electric vehicle, a VW board member revealed.


Steven Allison , 37 , had been on the run from the law for a year . He was convicted of sexually assaulting two women in Leeds in 2013 . But he failed to appear in court and fled to Australia , where he found work . He posted pictures of his new life and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle . But police teamed up with Interpol to track him down in Canberra .


Crowds cheered as Pema Lama was pulled , dazed and dusty , from rubble . Placed on stretcher with an IV drip in his arm and a brace around his neck . Comes as mother is reunited with baby rescued after 22 hours in rubble . Medic said teenager became ` pancaked ' between two floors when quake hit . Another survivor rescued after 82 hours has had one of his legs amputated .


Ashley Roberts' boyfriend Justin McCray surprised her on the air on Wednesday. The reporter and her co-workers helped arrange the proposal. She said yes and said it was a good news day for everyone involved.


Dmitri Kovtun , a former KGB agent , is wanted for Alexander Litvinenko 's murder . Claims that he was not involved in the dissident 's death and that he poisoned himself . He has agreed to give evidence as long as he is given right to examine evidence . If he testifies , he will have to do so by video link if he tries to travel to Britain


Shrewsbury and Telford Hospitals NHS Trust paid the huge figure . Equates to £ 183 an hour and is double to going rate for a neurologist . Hospital said temporary staff have to be used to cover staffing shortfalls .


Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew insists Manchester City can come from behind again to snatch the Barclays Premier League title from Chelsea. City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012, Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sunk Manchester United on goal difference. Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand but Pardew believes the race is far from over.


Manchester United top the table with players in the best XI since 1992 . They have had 75 inclusions with Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs on six each . Arsenal are second in the all-time Premier League table with 42 in total . Chelsea 's six representatives this year brings them to a total of 29 . Manchester City have had 11 players named since 1992 -- same as Leeds . Only Shaun Wright-Phillips included before Sheik Mansour 's takeover . Liverpool 's Steven Gerrard has been named the most times -LRB- eight -RRB-


Misao Okawa was born on March 5,1898 . She left behind three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren .


Nearly 9,000 reports of child sex abuse were filed with police in 2014 . South Yorkshire saw the largest rise with 577 per cent increase in five years . But the number of arrests fell by nine per cent , figures reveal . Critics accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse .


Restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield said living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . He said the government cut funding to a festival he was setting up by 25 % . The struggle for funding led him to develop acute depression . He criticised locals for wanting to ` dig it up , chop it down , sell it to the Chinese ' Spokesperson for state 's Tourism Industry Council said his comments were ` blatant mistruths '


Would-be immigrants come from more than 20 countries to North Africa to cross Mediterranean to Europe . They risk their lives crossing deserts and mountains ; many are robbed or cheated as they try to reach the Libyan coast .


Liverpool great Steve Heighway predicted great things for Steven Gerrard . Gerrard was described as ` an outstanding talent ' by Heighway . The Liverpool captain has become of the clubs greatest ever players . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


Judges scored the contest 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 - a tie . Irishman Lee was floored in the first round but fought back admirably . He threw more punches and connected more regularly than his opponent . Quillin had failed to make the required weight of 160 lbs on Friday . Reigning WBO middleweight champion Lee went distance for first time . And he did most of it with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm .


Atletico Madrid 0-0 Real Madrid : Click here for Martin Samuel 's report . Jan Oblak was the difference between a defeat and a clean sheet . The Atletico goalkeeper denied Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez . READ : Mario Mandzukic the new Diego Costa for Atletico Madrid ?


Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved. Independent senator Nick Xenophon said he was told earlier in the year by human rights advocates that Mr Prabowo was 'very sympathetic' to clemency.


Anthony Joshua will take on Jason Gavern in Newcastle on Saturday . Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 after recovering from a stress fracture in his back . This will be Joshua 's 11th professional bout since his debut in 2013 . He believes that his ` hunger and determination ' will more than make up for Gavern 's superior experience of 50 fights .


Owners of Sugar Pine Mine called in armed guards to protect their claim . Gold miners have appealed a federal stop-work order , U.S. officials said . Tensions remain high with supporters complaining of federal overreach . Armed guards from conservative Oath Keepers network among protesters . Officials claim they found equipment on site indicating operations inconsistent with standard mine development requirements .


Keonna Thomas , 30 , also known as `` Young Lioness '' and `` Fatayat Al Khilafah '' She 's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges .


Charity Bite-Back reports the Royal China Club was selling shark fin soup on its menus. The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided the restaurant. Charity workers say the restaurants are either disguising the soup as 'fish fin soup', or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers.


Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night . Win all but secured Palace 's status in the Premier League for another year . Chairman Steve Parish says the club have funds to improve the squad . But he wants investment to carry out necessary stadium improvements . CLICK HERE for the latest Crystal Palace news .


Pat Ingles , 69 , from Edinburgh , loves to wear high heels and party . Dresses up in risque outfits and heels and has pole dancing lessons . Cared for her husband before he died and is focusing on herself now . Her granddaughter , 20 , thinks her nana is ` cool '


Reports claim Samsung will make the A9 chips for Apple 's next iPhone . A7 and A8 were mostly made by Taiwanese Semiconductor Manufacturing . Apple moved away from Samsung as a substantial chip partner in 2013 . Samsung has previously made flash and working memory for iPhones .


Doctors say procedure should only be carried out when 'medically necessary' It can lead to infections and even death. Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean. Rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.


Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 . West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation . The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit .


Jo Burston , 43 , is the founder of Job Capital , a leading technology services firm . The company handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management . It turned over $ 40 million in its first four years of business . She has now started eight companies , and caught the attention of Richard Branson . Last year she was invited to visit Necker Island with


Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform. The art graduate has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. She has had little competition from 'real' celebrities.


The couple are reportedly renewing their wedding vows in the French capital . Kim Kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter North , held at Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem 's Old City . The 12th century church sits within the Armenian quarter of the Old City , the reputed site of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ . Khloe Kardashian is godmother , while a priest acted as North 's godfather . North wore white baptismal gown in keeping with traditionThe youngster is now a Christian and a member of the Armenian church .


With budgets for outfits , flowers , transportation , food and other sundries at around $ 1,000 for the average American high schooler , that means most intend to spend $ 324 on promposals . That 's according to a survey from Visa , which asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom and on what .


Andros Townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for England, saying naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy. This has been a topsy-turvy season for the 23-year-old, who has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene. Three Lions manager Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion.


Spinner named as new ambassador for Liverpool fan group Pak Reds . The England star has been called up for last two Tests in West Indies . Pak Reds group was founded in 2011 and attained official status in 2013 . It has six different branches across Pakistan .


Binmen refused to empty bin because it had empty crisp packet on lid . They also left bin full because there was a scrap of cellophane on top . Enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as ` little Hitlers '


lord prescott said prince of wales has 'a lot to offer this country' . he said he cannot see a problem with future king writing to ministers . comes after supreme court backed publication of charles's letters . letters were penned between september 2004 and march 2005 and sent to seven government departments .


Recorder Philip Cattan , 65 , fell asleep during rape trial of John Quingley . Judge was confronted with claim he had slept through part of cross-examination . Jury was out of the room , Cattan was accused of sleeping . Incident was witnessed by the family of the victim at Manchester Crown Court . Retrial had to be ordered and child had to give evidence for second time .


Heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in the doll hospital , known as Ospedale delle Bambole in Rome . Shop was built by the Squatriti family sixty years ago , restoring items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics . Descendants Federico Squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina have carried on the family tradition .


Graeme Dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round win. The 37-year-old bungled a yellow but was reprieved when Walden blazed the green off the table.


A Sydney woman has put up posters to find the man who lent his umbrella . MissieSmile21 is ` actively looking ' for the man with ` most beautiful smile ' The gentleman helped her cross a road during Tuesday nights ' downpour .


Hector Bellerin scored Arsenal 's first goal in the 4-1 win against Liverpool . Franci Coquelin has been a revelation in front of Arsenal 's back four . Arsene Wenger admits he did n't expect the duo to become so vital .


newcastle lost 1-0 at sunderland in the tyne-wear derby . jermain defoe scored a stunning volley in stoppage time . john carver admits he was 'embarrassed' by his side's performance .


Vincent Kompany believes a win against Manchester United will help rectify their season. The City captain admits that the derby is crucial for his side. Kompany believes that a win against United can help them rectify their season.


six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a french media outlet . they say the outlet broadcast live their location during the siege .


Aleksandr Glushko , 21 , drove for more than three miles while intoxicated . He was spotted by a railroad worker as he sped towards the crash site . Police also spotted the driver as he drunkenly looped back past them . Glushko was charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .


Everything you need to know about how the UK election really works . Things like : The candidates , the issues , who 's likely to win , the importance of bacon sandwiches . Plus , if the Queen is n't in charge , what does she do ?


Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model . The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005 . She has modelled for Macy 's , Bloomingdale 's , Myer , David Jones , Berlei and Asos .


jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc . the bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled top gear . but clarkson has agreed to keep quiet so the shows can go ahead 'in good spirit' bbc worldwide feared clarson would vent his anger at his sacking during shows . but he has agreed to keep quiet so fans will not be disappointed . clarkson, 54, is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage .


CNN 's Laura Bernardini says she has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation . She says she loves to read , but it 's hard to understand why she did n't . `` I love to read ... there is no excuse , '' she says . `` I am no scholar , no expert on scripture , as should be obvious , '' says Bernardini . She


Ashley Mote , 79 , of Binsted , Hampshire , accused of a string of fraud-related offences . He is accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception . Prosecutors say he was ` using European Parliament money to fund his defence and various appeals ' in connection with being prosecuted for benefit fraud . He is also said to have falsely claimed # 5,000 a


Commando says air transport was delayed for hours as Al-Shabaab forces slaughtered students . On April 2 , 147 were killed at a university in Garissa , Kenya , most were students .


Xi Jinping 's sayings now available in a new smartphone app . Scholars call it a new version of Mao 's `` Little Red Book ''


Chrystie Crownover told GMA that Bruce revealed his ` true self ' the year they were married in 1972 . Chrystie told GMA that she has kept his secret for the past 43-years . Revealed she was shocked at first but was pleased he told her and ` never felt threatened ' Told GMA that she watched Friday 's Diane Sawyer interview with Bruce . The Olympic champion and Chrystie have two children together and are grandparents .


Tulip Siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses . Tories last night accused Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her links to Putin and Sheikh Hasina . They claimed she appears to have gone to great lengths to cover up her trip in January 2013 .


Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI . The Columbus , Ohio , resident became a U.S. citizen in February 2014 . In April 2014 , he went to Syria for terrorism training , prosecutors say in a news release .


ri sol-ju seen clapping with husband kim jong-un at football match . it is the first time the couple have been seen together since december . match was part of celebrations marking kim il-sung's 103rd birthday .


Liam Treadwell booked to ride Monbeg Dude in Saturday 's Grand National . He won on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009 . Monbeg Dude is co-owned by rugby union star Mike Tindall .


Former union official was arrested after returning from the Middle East . He left the country in January to illegally join the fight against IS . It is understood Matthew Gardiner headed to Iraq or Syria to join Kurdish . The Australian Federal Police has confirmed it is investigating the case . The 43-year-old was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list , report says . A spokesperson for Attorney General George Brandis said : ` If you fight illegally in overseas conflicts , you face up to life in prison '


Mass brawl broke out at Fat Tuesdays bar opening at Resorts World Casino . Two women allegedly got into an argument during the long wait for drinks . Security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl . The damage from the fight is thought to top $ 4,000 .


American transgender woman Hayley Carney has never met British fiancee . She will marry in hope of fulfilling ` lifelong dream ' of becoming UK citizen . Said she believes Britons are more ` openly accepting of people like her '


Manchester City lost 4-2 to rivals United at Old Trafford on Sunday . City manager Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat . Club sources say that Pellegrini is unlikely to be axed before end of season . Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager .


Bosses admitted they did n't tell relatives about the arrangement . Hospital says it dealt with an unprecedented number of deaths over Easter . Spokesman : Use of refrigerated lorry is normal practice across the country .


Nina Anderson 's jewellery was stolen from her bedroom as she watched TV . The 78-year-old started searching pawn shops near her Portsmouth home . Spotted two of her necklaces and records traced back to Martin Campbell . Campbell , 28 , who worked for Mrs Anderson , has been jailed for 3 years .


` Beaching A Boat , Brighton ' taken from Jewish owner in Second World War . Export permit discovery could bolster claims it came to Britain legitimately . Tate and descendants of painting 's original owner are locked in dispute .


45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck . Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis . Chiropractors blame increase on days and nights spent sitting hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers .


Carlos Boente , 33 , was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman . The prisoner asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour . He bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls-telling her sob stories . In January last year he made numerous abusive calls to the woman , telling her she was going to die and making threats against her


Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . At the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . Now , officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists .


Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet . In the footage , the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat . Then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself .


Raquel Mauri posted an insight into the pair's enviable lifestyle featuring a selfie of the two of them taking in a sun, surf and sand. The former hair stylist accompanied the Instagram picture with the caption: 'Relaxing day with the family,' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons. Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi's has also taken to Instagram to confirm that he will soon be a father for the second time.


Black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the Chinese capital 's landmarks devoid of tourists . Pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of China . Locals and foreigners pose at the Temple of Heaven , Western Qing Tombs and Summer Palace . Quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing , one of the most populous cities in the world .


The ancient Tuscan town is based 40 miles south east of Genoa . Little is known about much of the settlement 's origin or history . Seismic instability noted as a reason for the mass abandonment . Today the town is seen as Italy 's most famous abandoned location . Folklore suggests that the depreciating settlement is haunted .


The Prime Minister travelled from London to Penzance on the sleeper train . He looked stressed and exhausted as he got off the train this morning . Cameron was sporting jeans with smart black shoes and a navy jacket . Tories are keen to drive the Lib Dems out of the South-West at the Election . Labour are still ahead in the polls nationally , with 34 % set to back the party . Tories are 1 % behind , on 33 % , with the Lib Dems on 7 % and Ukip on 14 % .


Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . Bundesliga boss has been touted to take over from Manual Pellegrini at Manchester City . German has told Jose Mourinho that he will not be coming to Chelsea .


The Kathmandu Valley's other pagodas, stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage. The two pagodas have been obliterated and the scene comprises pathetic piles of rubble, a bulldozer shoveling a path for vehicles.


The Earth experienced its hottest month of March since record-keeping began in 1880. Last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F (0.85°C) above the average for the 20th century.


Tillman spent 12 years in Chicago but the new team management did not declare an interest to retain his services . A staple of Lovie Smith 's stingy defense , he will again link up with Ron Rivera , whowas the Bears defensive co-ordinator between 2004-06 . Tillman holds a number of franchise records and the forced fumble specialist joins Sean McDermott 's scheme . He has also been honoured for his work in the community and won the 2014 Walter Payton Man of the Year Award .


Doctors at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York were trialling a new combination of drugs to treat advanced skin cancer . Combined standard drug ipilimumab with new drug nivolumab . Woman , 49 , had one dose of the therapy and within weeks her tumour had completely disappeared , leaving a hole in the skin under her left breast .


Harris family attorney says volunteer deputy was a donor who paid to play a cop . An attorney representing Reserve Deputy Robert Bates says it was an `` excusable homicide '' Eric Harris ' brother says the shooting was `` simply evil , '' accuses investigators of trying to cover it up .


Archie Brown Jr, 15, was struck and killed by a van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday night. The driver of the vehicle, Archie Brown Jr, is dead and the teen is in critical condition. The 15-year-old boy was shot and later died at the hospital.


president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia . while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler . 'well you know malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president said .


Jonjo Shelvey scored from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty box . The former Liverpool midfielder made no mistake from the spot as the Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way . Aaron Lennon 's first-half strike gave Everton the lead in the first half . Michael Oliver called for a foul on Coleman and the referee called a penalty for


Jerry Moon , 72 , had pre-arranged to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis . But shocked relatives found his body had been replaced by a stranger 's . Mr Moon - who was afraid of cremation - had been accidentally incinerated . The family are now suing Brown Mortuary Service for the upsetting blunder .


Colombia striker spotted out and about in Manchester on Thursday . Radamel Falcao scored three times in two games for his country . Falcao has not found his best form , but wants to stay at Old Trafford .


The Washington Post obtained an affidavit from a person who asked the prisoner, who remains jailed for violating a restraining order, not be identified for fears over their safety. Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow.


Matilda Fitt , now 21 months old , played baby Julia Poldark in BBC show . The real-life infant was born nine weeks early , and battled pneumonia . Matilda was chosen to play Julia because of her small size . Unlike her character , who died of putrid throat , Matilda is now doing well .


Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry Aaron Leeson-Woolley this Saturday . She vanished on Sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding . Police have charged man , 24 , with her murder despite not finding her body . Family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .


gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday . the model announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend .


Sally White , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside . ` Miller ' was malnourished , had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up . She trained the six-year-old horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the British championships . Says : ` Miller and I are a team - I needed him with me on my big day .


James Faulkner joins Lancashire as their overseas player for the summer . Australian was named man of the match during World Cup final win . He will join up with county side after Indian Premier League commitments .


justin welby will say 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths' comments follow pope francis's denunciation of 'senseless' killings .


Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy . The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining . The Argentinian midfielder signed for the Foxes in the summer , leaving Italy after ten years and embarking on a new challenge in England .


By last night , a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter . Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe , founder of Yo ! Sushi . Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTE-250 index . Letter backs the lowering of corporation tax by David Cameron and George Osborne .


Sofia Abramovich took to Instagram to create a motivational post . She said she had been criticised since people found her account . The teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity . Sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .


`` It was turning into the wild , wild , West , '' Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says . The chase ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo . The herd broke through three strands of high tensile barbed wire to escape the farm .


Patrick Morrison raped his niece Sabrina Morrison when she was 13. She told a teacher the following day, but deputies failed to collect a blood sample from him. He was arrested and jailed for four years, but was released in 2011.


Southampton host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday . Ronald Koeman 's side have failed to score in five of their last nine games . The Saints are currently seventh in the table with 53 points from 31 games . Sadio Mane is pushing for a recall to the Southampton side .


Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became friends during treatment . Both posted images on Facebook to celebrate going into remission . But were ` upset ' to hear pictures were reported for being ` offensive ' 19-year-old girls from Chester had Hodgkin lymphoma and leukemia .


Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship . The after Bob Barker followed its record-breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days . Thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on Monday . Captain Peter Hammarstedt said they have been following the ` internationally-wanted poachers vessel for the past 110


Alastair Cook has gone 33 Test innings without hitting a century . The 30-year-old remains England 's leading century maker despite blip . Cook has been watching old footage of himself to study his technique .


Ex deputy PM said there was no problem with Charles writing to ministers . Admitted Charles had sent him a lot of letters while he was in government . Released two , including one condolence letter over death of his mother . Comes after court ruled Charles 's letters to ministers should be published .


McLaren driver Jenson Button ran the London Marathon 2015 . He finished with a time of 2 hours 52 minutes and 30 seconds . Button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .


smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at london 2012 . he competed for england at last year's commonwealth games . smith has been named in the squad for the european championships .


jonathan trott failed twice with the bat during england's warm-up . trott looks set to open with alastair cook in the first test against west indies in antigua on monday . england completed four days of low-key warm-up action in basseterre .


Ashley Young kicked off a Manchester United comeback with his goal . Vincent Kompany endured a torrid time before being subbed at the break . Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata both scored in Manchester derby win . Sergio Aguero scored twice , but his teammates were not up to his level .


Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for Southampton . The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old . Koeman admits he may have to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne .


During a question and answer session at the White House for children , a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age . When Obama told Brodie that she was 51 Brodie exclaimed , ` you 're too young for 51 ! ' On Wednesday the White House hosted their annual Take our daughters and Sons to Work Day .


serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . the sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season . the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players .


New President says he does n't know if 200 missing girls can be rescued . March through Nigerian capital marks one year since the kidnapping . More than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped last April by Islamic extremists . Crisis sparked worldwide criticism and #bringbackourgirls campaign .


Hakeem Kuta , 17 , died on Saturday morning after being listed in critical condition at St Barnabas Hospital . Police said he appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops and was injured after falling on Thursday night . Officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building on Valentine Avenue .


Mike Holpin , from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire , has at least 40 children . Ca n't name half of them and has family tree tattoo to help him remember . Around 16 were taken into care ` because of my drinking and womanising ' But 56-year-old wants more because he ` ca n't live without them ' ` In the Bible , God says go forth and multiply . I 'm doing what God wants ' Holpin has not worked for a decade and said to receive £ 27,000 in benefits . Documentary also shines light on 29-year-old father of 15 from Sunderland .


jimmy anderson overtakes sir ian botham as most prolific bowler in england's test history . anderson took his 384th test wicket when west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip . holder made his maiden test century at no 8 to earn his side a deserved draw .


Natal 's Dunas Arena , which held four World Cup matches , is up for sale . Its owners are suffering from cash flow problems after a corruption scandal . The company is also selling a 50 percent share of Salvador 's Fonte Nova arena , which held six matches last summer .


Gran Canaria is one of the most popular winter holidays for Britons . It is said to have the best climate in the world , according to a US scientist . Instead of driving the motorways , take the winding mountain roads to see cobbled villages .


Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer . Benaud captained Australia as a player before going into broadcasting . His commentary style became globally synonymous with cricket . CLICK HERE for Benaud tributes as the cricket world mourns his death .


jorge lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident at the world cup . uefa have charged bayern munich manager pep guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for lopez . guardiola was sporting the top during his pre-match press conference .


Andy Murray attended Barcelona 's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash with PSG . The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins . It was the second time in less than a week that Murray had visited the Nou Camp . The 27-year-old is currently in Barcelona as he trains with Jonas Bjorkman .


Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30 , 1975 . He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land , and so he hoovered over as his family safely jumped out . That is when he went back out to sea and somehow pilot alone , get out of his suit and jump into the water seconds before the helicopter crashed . Seconds later , he appeared in the water , wearing nothing but his boxer shorts and a shirt . A motorboat was sent out to retrieve him , and moments later he was reunited with his family .


jerald christopher 'jc' jackson, of immokalee, florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment saturday with two men . police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun . police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents . jackson never returned, but he later called one of the victims .


belle gibson is still being investigated by victoria police over claims she faked her cancer battles . victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson . one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped . ms gibson expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been 'misdiagnosed' .


Charlie Adam scored goal of his career in Stoke City 's defeat to Chelsea . Adam beat Thibaut Courtois from all of 65-yards at Stamford Bridge . Courtois scrambled back but was unable to deny the Scottish international . Adam though was left with mixed feelings as Chelsea earned three points .


Scientists have joined small, skinny strips of imagery to create a 3D map. The new map allows astronomers to 'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet. The map could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet.


Australian Prime Minister skols a beer with celebrating football players . Video emerged of Tony Abbott drinking the beer in six seconds . The Prime Minister reportedly earlier gave a speech at the club function . A crowd of 50 people surrounded Mr Abbott to cheer him on as he drank .


Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. The funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration. The agency is then free to spend anything they feel will improve the civil aviation security.


Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana to New York . Authorities said they spotted her ` sweating profusely ' and ` avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search . It 's estimated the drugs found in her panties have a street value of more than $ 73,000 . She now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges .


Campaign focuses on lack of sanitary care for women living rough . Video plays voice of homeless woman saying : ` Why does a woman have to rip up a cloth put between her to protect herself from bleeding ? ' Trio behind the project are Oliver Frost , Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty . 80,000 people have already signed The Homeless Period petition .


Poppy Smart , 23 , accused builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling . Ian Merrett , 28 , says she was ` lucky ' and should take it as a compliment . He said : ` If she walks past again and is lucky she 'll get wolf-whistled again ' He accused her of damaging the reputation of men in the building trade . Miss Smart went to police who sent officers to warn the builders involved .


Jack Wilshere came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed . Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby were recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively . Alex Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium .


Piper Kulk, 9, died in hospital on Sunday morning. Her brother William, 8, died later that evening. The accident also left passengers in the Holden Astra that collided with the Astra on Wyee Road.


Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday April 18. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. Bibi had been married to Siddique for three years, during which time she had suffered repeated domestic abuse.


On July 20, 2012, "The Dark Knight Rises" theater shooting, 18 minutes into the show, a gunman opened fire. 12 people were killed and 70 were injured. On Monday, James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges.


Unidentified student was at country music festival Chilifest in Texas when she was caught drinking underage . She was challenged to a game of Rock Paper Scissors by three police officers . The girl , who is thought to be a student at Texas A & M University in College Station , beat the cops , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option . As soon as


Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home on February 16 , 2012 . The 29-year-old suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face , arms and torso . Natalie Dimitrovska , who believed her former husband was involved with Ms Vulin and was envious of her beauty , vowed to ruin her ` pretty little face ' Her lawyers will on Tuesday , in the Supreme Court of Western Australia , claim she was not as badly injured as she stated in court .


Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's effort. The Reading goalkeeper had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final. Federici apologised to fans for his error after the game.


clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of astana . captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing . video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube .


Rodrigo Gularte , 42 , was shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia . The Brazilian national was a paranoid schizophrenic who did n't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life . Father Charlie Burrows said he talked to Gularte for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions . The convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices .


Ian Bell and Joe Root try new model helmet , which was released after Phillip Hughes ' death late last year . Chris Gayle absent from series , instead playing in Indian Premier League . Jimmy Anderson was presented with silver cap on his 100th Test match . Teams pay their respect to Richie Benaud , who died last week .


Incredible pictures show a city in China devoured by a giant sandstorm . Golmud , in the country 's north west , was yesterday blasted for half an hour . The entire city turned red as it was covered by the brightly-coloured sand . As residents fled the streets , the city took on a Mars-type appearance .


Grayson Moore, 22, was Grace and Annabel Jensen were once Christopher. The Mormon trio have transitioned gender and started attending a support group. They have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.


President Milos Zeman has banned U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro from visiting Prague Castle. The President has been criticised over plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow.


Over-55s are now able to cash in their pensions instead of buying annuity . Pensions Minister Steve Webb said people should buy whatever they want . He said : ` If you want to enjoy it , why should n't you be able to do that ? ' Now , Mr Webb is urging people to take time and not make rash decisions .


Unison member said tired staff have ` detrimental effect on patient care ' Jane Smith likened longer working hours for NHS staff to ` slave labour ' Called for more research to examine the impact on workers ' health .


Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. Many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website. The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is.


The Kathmandu airport is closed. There is no way out, really. There are a couple of issues.


The image of the patterned stripes in the Saharan desert was captured by the Nasa 's Landsat 7 satellite . They are examples of linear , or longitudinal , dunes in Erg Chech - a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria . ` Erg ' comes from the Arabic word for ` field of sand dunes ' and the cause of such shapes is not known . Theories include helical roll vortices - rolls of rotating and spiralling air - and seasonal changes in wind direction .


American expat Brad Reynolds has become TripAdvisor 's most prolific user . The 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits . He has made more than 66,000 contributions to the website , including 3,355 reviews . He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries , including India 's Taj Mahal . The Oklahoma native lives in Hong Kong with his wife , Jill . He


Natasha Willard appeared to be suffering from flu just before Christmas . But four months later the teenager can barely move her limbs or talk . She has been diagnosed with encephalitis , or swelling , of the brain . Doctors are unsure whether Miss Willard , 17 , will be able to fully recover .


Elijah McKenna , 11 , was mauled by neighbor 's three rottweilers in Oklahoma Saturday . His 9-year-old sister , Alyssa , came to his rescue by scaring off the dogs and carrying injured boy home . Elijah sustained deep cuts to his head and countless bite marks all over his face and body .


Former Arsenal and England striker hails Youth League winner Jay Dasilva . The left back was part of team that beat Shakhtar 3-2 in Monday 's final . Ian Wright said 16-year-old was better than any Premier League left back . He also praised Tammy Abraham , Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett . READ : Will Chelsea EVER bring through English players ?


Shoppers are taking advantage of cheaper eggs , milk , cheese and meat . Cost of staples has been slashed as supermarkets compete for customers . Bigger stores competing with rise of budget chains Aldi and Lidl on price . Prices in shops are 2.1 per cent lower this year than 12 months ago .


Jamie Jewitt , 24 , and Henry Rogers , 22 , had no self-confidence . Jamie was 15st by the age of 15 but went on a strict vegan diet . Henry was 18st at his heaviest but is now a top model . Have landed TV careers and want to promote healthy body image .


` My son Seth , signed the petition asking me , Dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday . Seth told Daily Mail Online that ` I love and respect my father very much , but sometimes we have political disagreements ' He 's sending the ` Religious Freedom Restoration Act ' back to the state legislature because it strays too far from the federal law that inspired it . Hutchinson does n't risk a veto-override from lawmakers since he has n't technically vetoed the bill . ` This is a bill that in ordinary times would not be controversial , but these are not ordinary times , ' he said .


gang of eight dug seven-metre-deep tunnel across road from guanghui temple . tunnel led to 50m-long passage beneath 1,400-year-old hua pagoda . gang leader zhang is a known artefact thief and his associates have also been involved in similar crimes in the past .


The 37-year-old welcomed her first daughter Cecilia Kathryn into the world on February 9 . Maggie and her husband Alex Mehran are also parents to two sons , three-year-old Zander and two-year-old Quinnlann Clancy . The parents are enjoying a beach vacation with their three children .


White House Communications Director Jen Psaki is expecting a baby girl in July ; Legislative Director Katie Fallon has a May due date for twin boys . Both women say the president has been supportive of their decision to grow their family while serving in his administration .


Myer to make way for new overseas collections with unprecedented sale . Balmain , DKNY , Pucci and Alexander McQueen all to be slashed in price . The new strategy will compete with online retailers . The sale will knock 65 to 75 per cent off handbags , shoes and accessories .


david cameron was pictured reading to a six-year-old schoolgirl in bolton . the prime minister isn't the only politician to cause kids to cringe . ed miliband, ed balls and nick clegg have all had awkward moments .


Someone called 911 to report woman was driving erratically in a black SUV . She failed to yield to officers and wove in and out of traffic lanes , according to California Highway Patrol . Officers left cars when she stopped at traffic lights , but she kept on driving . Chase ended almost an hour later after one officer lightly tapped her rear bumper to send car into a spin - a pursuit intervention technique .


Alison Saunders , director of Public Prosecutions , facing furious backlash . Criticism over her decision to spare former MP Lord Janner from the dock . Janner not charged despite 22 allegations of offences against nine victims . Campaigners , police and MPs have accused her of ignoring victims ' rights .


Northampton were dumped out of the Champions Cup by Clermont . Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time . Nick Abendanon scored a break-away try from 90 metres out . Brock James kept up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking .


New video features an Australian doctor called Abu Yusuf al-Australi and an Indian doctor called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi . Both doctors appear to be desperately struggling with the tide of patients , calling for any Westerners with medical skills to travel to Syria . Poster bears striking resemblance to an NHS poster , featuring a doctor wearing blue scrubs and a stethoscope . Nine British medical students recently traveled from Sudan to Syria and are believed to have joined ISIS last month . Notorious British jihadi Aqsa Mahmood studied radiography and could be drafted into working at Raqqa hospital .


Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV 's Saturday Night Takeaway programme . The England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid . Rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets .


Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed in the earthquake . 33-year-old was head of privacy at Google X and once dated Sophie Bush . Friend Max Stossel wrote a heartbreaking letter to him before he left . He said : ` Your story has already impacted mine for the better ' Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when the earthquake hit Nepal .


Kyle Knox , 23 , disappeared as he tried to climb the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis . He was last seen at start of route on Monday and did not return to his hotel . Londoner is believed to be alone and may not be an experienced climber . Large-scale searches underway in -7 C blizzards and winds of up to 70mph .


Martin Skrtel says Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world . The Liverpool captain is set to play for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa . The Reds captain is looking to lead his hometown side into the final against Arsenal . He believes the club have the players to replace the No 8 .


photographer johan bavman documented fatherhood in sweden . sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave . only 12% of swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave .


Tania Watts has spoken of the ` hell ' she has endured since Bristol murder . Becky went missing in February and her body parts were found weeks later . Her stepbrother Nathan Matthews , 28 , has been charged with killing her . Mr Matthews is the son of Anje Galsworthy , who appeared in appeal videos .


Captain Birdseye lookalike Richard Williams spent £ 50,000 on his U-boat . He lived the high life splashing cash on jets and fast cars while on benefits . Lied that he was selling specially-adapted beds to people with disabilities . The 54-year-old was today jailed for a total of four years and eight months .


Jo Burston , 43 , is an award-winning tech entrepreneur . Her first business Job Capital turned over $ 40 million in its first four years . Burston has now started eight companies , and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island .


Celtic travelled to the United States , Austria and Germany last pre-season . The Scottish club were then beaten in the Champions League by Legia .


The items were originally given to a historian who opposed the camps , CNN affiliate reports . Auctioneer hoped they would be bought by museum or someone who would donate them for historical appreciation . Japanese-Americans were furious about items from family members , others being sold .


The map was created using data from Nasa 's Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite , and the Orbview-1 / Microlab satellite . It shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013 . Areas with the largest number of flashes are shown in bright pink . The areas with the least are grey and purple . The Democratic Republic of Congo was found to have the most over the period .


Sean Dyche has told Danny Ings to keep on smiling. Burnley have struggled for goals in recent weeks. Ings, 23, has not scored in seven appearances.


basij commander: "if our imam, our supreme leader orders us, we will destroy isis" iran's elite revolutionary guard's quds force is training iraqi shia militias . iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the u.s., but the level of trust isn't there .


Adam Rushton , 37 , took advantage of being a beat officer in Longton , Stoke-on-Trent . He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and breaching data protection rules . He denied ten counts of . Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ` a disgrace to the police service ' He admitted some of his actions were ` not very professional ' but did not


Jason Rezaian faces trial for collaborating with ` hostile governments ' The Tehran correspondent is accused of gathering classified information . He has been in jail for nine months with requests for bail denied . Charges labelled ` absurd ' by White House and ` ludicrous ' by paper .


Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the competition 's Player of the Month award . Working with rugby dedicated newspaper League Weekly , a shortlist of players will be drawn up each month for fans to vote on via Facebook . Voters will be entered into a prize draw with one lucky supporter being given the opportunity to present the award to the winning player .


violence has swept south africa in recent days, leaving several dead . cnn spoke to several immigrants living and working in south africa about the crisis . "i'm scared to go to town because i do not know when these people can attack," one says .


Photographer Dustin Wong , 31 , travels the world with no company but his camera . The Hawaiian-born photographer . His images are inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of nature . He aims to encourage viewers to interact with nature and help save the planet . Images range from the National Parks of the USA to the snow of Norway and Australian caves .


South Sydney secured a bitter 18-17 victory after a last-gasp penalty . Bulldogs were leading until the referee awarded Rabbitohs a late penalty . Rabbitohs converted the penalty and went on to win the game . As officials made their way off the field , they were pelted with missiles . One of the officials was taken to hospital with suspected broken shoulder . Canterbury coach has apologised for the actions of his club 's supporters . Bulldogs CEO said the club has called for a life ban on fans involved . Police have identified two people for allegedly throwing bottles . Inquiries to identify others involved in the attack are continuing .


Good Friday commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ . ` Way of the Cross ' walks took place in Ohio , Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge . Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis ' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome .


The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased 's wife who booked them as a final gift . Mrs Jian said she knew her spouse always had an eye for the ladies and wanted to ensure that his final journey was one that he would appreciate . Taichung Funeral Home in Taipei , Taiwan was turned into a makeshift gentleman 's club when the dance music began pumping and neon


keith wolfe smarch is descended from skookum jim, the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 . the discovery started a stampede along the 32-mile trail through snowdrifts, blizzards and avalanches . the journey took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over .


Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana . He will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in California . The 72-year-old was arrested at a hotel in the New Orleans capital in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx . Authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room


Austin Carey and Jay Rawe were involved in near-fatal base jump last year . The jump from Perrine Bridge went wrong and the pair spiraled 500ft down . Men suffered fractured vertebrae and Mr Carey was told he may never walk again because of the severity of his injuries from the jump . Both miraculously recovered and have returned to the sport - Mr Carey back to the site of the near-fatal jump almost a year after the accident .


Czech President Milos Zeman plans to attend WWII parade in Moscow . U.S. Ambassador criticised his decision in relation to Ukraine crisis . President Zeman responded to criticism by banning him from castle .


patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville, utah . he specialises in hyper-realistic paintings, which are impossible to tell apart from a photo . kramer works from photos and builds up layers of oil paint on a board or canvas .


Prince Harry to arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of four-week stay . Will be Australian soldiers in Darwin , Perth and Sydney during trip . Prince will observe elite SAS soldiers , and Indigenous NORFORCE troops . The royal said to be excited for ` challenging and hectic ' schedule . The trip is the last of Prince Harry 's military career before he retires .


Davion Only , 16 , captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to ` love him forever ' Later this month he will officially be adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going and her family . Davion has been living with her two daughters and another adopted boy since December . Ms Going admitted it has not always been easy but says it is worth it and ` everyday it gets a little bit better '


All U.S. Consulate personnel are safe and accounted for , State Department says . ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack in Irbil , Iraq . At least four people were killed and 18 injured , police say . The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky .


Vladimir Bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s . It came after he smuggled to the West 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state . But now Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates early next month following an investigation by Cambridgeshire Police . He will be charged with five counts of making an indecent photograph of a child , five . counts of possessing indecent photographs of children and one count of possessing a prohibited image .


arsenal beat reading 3-2 in extra time to reach the fa cup final . alexis sanchez scored twice and adam federici fumbled a garath mccleary goal . aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal fought their way through .


Dan Swangard , a physician , wants to be able to control when and how his life ends . A recent survey reveals 54 percent of American doctors support assisted suicide .


Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner Susan Daub are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators . They allegedly reaped over $ 31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes . Allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012 , playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins . The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $ 20 million to investors but received only around $ 13 million in loan repayments from athletes . To make up the gap they paid investors with other investors ' money rather than actual profits on the investments , the agency said .


Salk 's vaccine began with inoculating school children in April , 1955 . Polio was declared eradicated in the U.S. in 1979 , but still exists in other countries . A new microneedle patch is easily used by minimally trained personnel .


Errol Louis : By chance a bystander video caught South Carolina officer shooting apparently unarmed black man . Federal law on reporting of such shootings goes unenforced -- how many instances do we never hear about ? he asks . Louis : It 's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there 's no video .


marty stroud visited glenn ford at his louisiana home last week to apologize for putting him on death row for a murder he didn't commit . ford, 65, was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer shortly after his release from prison last year . stroud had asked to meet ford after apologizing to him in a letter published in the shreveport times last month . 'i want you to know that i am very sorry,' stroud said .


Louis Jordan , 37 , was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast . He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket . But doubters have questioned how he seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal . Claimed he broke his shoulder during one of the three times his boat


Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University, has genital herpes. She says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak. Dawson says that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.


the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram . with 342,969 photos, it trumps sydney's popular bondi beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos . the famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'instagrammed' places in australia as part of research released by love home swap on wednesday .


Jack Wilshere was joined by former England manager Glenn Hoddle . The Arsenal midfielder interviewed Pele at launch of 10Ten Talent . Pele scored 77 goals in 92 games for Brazil and won three World Cups . The Brazil legend says the 2014 World Cup performance was not expected . The hosts were humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semi-finals last summer . Pele is , however , not surprised by reaction of Oscar and Ramires this year .


James McCarthy puts Everton ahead after 5 minutes as Everton counter-attack at speed . John Stones doubles host side 's advantage with brilliant header from a corner in 35th minute . Kevin Mirallas takes advantage of poor Manchester United defending to make it 3-0 late on .


Zana, who lived in Russia in the 19th Century, was found in the Caucasus mountains. Witnesses described her as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' DNA evidence from Zana's granddaughter and the remains of her son Khwit seemed proved that Zana was of African descent even though she lived in the wild Caucusus.


Mr Miliband has started taking a lectern with him everywhere he speaks . He has appeared behind the same silver lectern throughout the campaign . The Labour leader even spoke from behind a lectern in the middle of a field . It is thought to be a strategy to make him look more like a Prime Minister . He currently trails badly behind David Cameron in personal ratings . It has also emerged he has hired a ` performance coaching ' firm for help .


The 32-year-old admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops . Claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . Also claimed he had been tortured in jail after being accused of killing a provincial governor 's son . He had an initial claim for sanctuary rejected by Home Secretary Theresa May . But immigration judges have now thrown


eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in beijing in five hours overnight . they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents who live stressful lives . artist xiao wang said he saw three people take their own lives in one month .


Esteban Cambiasso says saving Leicester will feel like winning a trophy . The Argentinian has become a key player for Nigel Pearson 's side . Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table . CLICK HERE for all the latest Leicester City news .


Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan Warriors on a four-year contract . The England international will cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors . Tomkins sought a release from the last 12 months of his three-year deal . Wigan received a world record transfer fee , thought to be around # 700,000 , for Tomkins when they agreed to release him in September 2013 but


With the rouble in trouble , Russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in India 's flop-in-the-sun western state . The beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter . Even without the Russians , the beach is a hive of activity . There are yoga and Pilates classes , massage sessions , trinket sellers , football kick-arounds , Frisbee games , joggers . On the


Liverpool have made contact with Dortmund over fee for Ciro Immobile . Liverpool 's lack of Champions League football may hamper thier plans . Man City need homegrown players and QPR 's Alex McCarthy could fit bill . West Ham have revived interest in Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang . Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut .


Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round of the MCE British Superbike Championship . Defending champion Shane Byrne , despite hand and ankle injuries he suffered last month during testing Spain , completed the front row of the grid aboard the PBM Kawasaki .


`` No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , '' the President says . He credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans `` a lot '' healthier .


Betty Johnson, 86, of Missouri, had said goodbye to everyone except for her team. She was a devoted fan who would sit front row on the 45-yard line during home games. The great granddaughter passed away on Thursday as Nick Lowery was leaving.


Travolta is one of the Church of Scientology 's most high-profile members . He is premiering his new film , `` The Forger , '' in Clearwater , Florida . The HBO documentary `` Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief '' is critical of the organization .


Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it . The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea , off the coast of west Africa . Captain Peter Hammarstedt : `` I ` m 100 % confident that the captain of the Thunder destroyed his own ship '' He says he believes the Thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical


scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica . it's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly .


Kathryn Beale , 41 , is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff . She whizzes placentas into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for mothers . Mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating the organ . Includes increase in milk supply , reduction in post-natal bleeding , stabilising blood pressure and more energy to care for their babies .


Classic biscuits feature rolled oats , golden syrup and coconut . Sarah Wilson 's sugar-free version substitutes rice malt syrup . Food blogger Not Quite Nigella adds chocolate . Raw foodie Taline Gabrielian came up with no-cook version of the classic .


New video shows stag do strutting in denim hotpants and heels . Hilarious homage to TV ad that got them cheers and applause in Benidorm . Preparations for weekend included getting shoes stretched . After wearing heels from 1 pm to 7 pm , the six men had painful blisters .


Matt Prior picked up injury playing for England last year . Achilles problem saw him lose his Test place to Jos Buttler . Despite almost a year of rehab , Prior is still a long way from making return .


CBS News ` Face the Nation ' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Wednesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer . Schieffer is a former newspaper reporter at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram . He joined CBS News in 1969 and has been the network 's chief Washington correspondent since 1992 . He began at the political affairs show ` Face the Nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang . Covered the assassination of JFK and 11 presidential campaigns - dating back to Richard Nixon .


Eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after playground prank called ` sleeper ' went wrong . Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game . It involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen .


The drone carrying asparagus crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands. Owner Ronald Peijenburg used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver first crop of the seasonal vegetable. The drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands.


dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for the 2013 boston marathon bombings . the defense and prosecution made closing arguments monday .


Coutinho hit the only goal of the game as Liverpool beat Blackburn . They will meet Aston Villa in the semi-finals a week on Sunday . Liverpool skipper Henderson had not slept the night before the game as his wife gave birth to his second daughter . Boss Brendan Rodgers revealed Henderson had no thoughts about missing the match . ` He said to me , `` Boss , as soon as the baby 's out , I 'll be coming back '' , ' Rodgers explained .


Laura Wells is a successful plus-sized model who has worked in New York . She revealed agents tell models to eat a biscuit a day before fashion week . Wells also revealed the first time she was approached by talent scouts . They asked the Australian beauty if she wanted to be a plus-sized model . Wells said she felt like she wanted to punch them in the face for asking her . Her misconceptions about plus-sized models led her to think she was being called fat .


Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton for Tottenham Hotspur last summer . The former Argentina defender spent 16 months at St Mary 's . Koeman has praised his predecessor 's ` great job ' at the club . Koeman 's side are sixth in the Premier League with five games to play . The Saints could usurp Tottenham in the European spots with a win on Saturday . The result would see


The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che . Two of the three clips shown were of Che 's castmate , Jay Pharoah . Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the mistake , admitting ` we stuffed up ' later on during the program . The mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users . The pair are in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne


New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless body was discovered last year in an attempt to find the child 's mother . The body of the infant , called 'Em ma Grace ' was found in a trash heap in November , authorities located her head more than 50 miles away . Police say the mother may have been trying to hide her pregnancy prior to giving birth .


Female juror : `` Everyone 's life changed because of this '' The jurors said they did n't learn of the other charges against Hernandez until after the verdict . For these jurors , the system worked : It 's `` designed to be fair to both sides ''


Footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque . The 22-year-old Asian elephant named Jazmine approached its mother Rozie . The young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg and lunges forward . It tramples all over R mother as it tries to get its balance .


Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane still has so much more to give . Kane scored against Newcastle to take his season tally to the 30-mark . He becomes first Tottenham player since Gary Lineker to reach that tally . Pochettino is convinced 21-year-old England hitman can improve further .


Mother and autistic son face deportation to Philippines when their visa expires today . Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone have lived in Australia since 2007 but have been told they need to leave due to Tyrone 's autism . Tyrone has designed a poster asking the immigration minister if he could stay in the country and hand-delivered it to the minister 's office . The family live in Queensland where Maria Sevilla is a nurse at Townsville Hospital .


LZ : Barney Frank may say LGBT rights ` winning , ' but Indiana law pushing them back , and other states ' anti-LGBT moves , a bad sign . Cruz , Huckabee , Jindal , Carson , Walker and some state judges rulings , feel like 2016 reviving culture wars , he says .


Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse , New York . He was questioned for four hours by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers . Roberts , who works for security intelligence company One World Labs , was in town to speak at an aerospace conference .


families say they are being 'held to ransom' by yobs shooting at their homes . cctv footage shows youngsters blatantly carrying air rifles and bb guns . residents even claim one woman who confronted the thugs was shot at . a mother-of-three released the footage and says she has been left 'terrified' .


Previous popes had finessed the question of whether the killing of 1.5 million Armenians was genocide . Because he often shines such a smiley face on the world , it can be easy to forget the bluntness Francis sometimes brings to the bully pulpit .


The winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at £ 1.23 m. Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £ 17,000 . Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth .


The stunt was pulled by local tourism groups and an Ecuador airline . Fake signs , passport control , posters and adverts were created in the ruse . It sparked outrage from Costa Rican officials prompting a formal apology . The video was taken down , but was reuploaded by La Nación .


tulsa deputy robert bates "inadvertently" shot eric courtney harris, an undercover officer says . bates warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a taser on the suspect, an investigator says .


Hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` Preppers ' descended on Utah suburb of Sandy on Friday for nation 's first ever PrepperCon . Attendees were shown underground bunkers , tried out solar powered flashlights and dressed up as zombies . They were also greeted by actors from AMC hit show ` The Walking Dead ' , including Addy Miller , who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge


Xiao Ying, 17, was found working in factory toilets in Wenzhou City. She was 'icy cold' when she was spotted by a cleaner. She was 'afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant' She then went back to work on shoe production line.


Flames up to 35ft high engulfed 70 hectres of the St Catherine 's Hill nature reserve in Christchurch , Dorset . A lack of rain combined with strong 45mph winds saw the blaze spread across the heathland dangerously quickly . More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling the blaze which is thought to have wiped out thousands of animals . Dorset Police confirmed they are treating it as suspicious after evidence of three deliberate fires was discovered .


kris and tina wardle fell in love in 2002 when her son was ten years old . kris married his girlfriend in 2011 with her son, mark, as best man . katrina was stabbed to death by mark after a row over his cannabis use . kris said: 'if i called her perfect she’d just come round and belt me round the back of the head, cause she knew damn well she wasn't perfect'


Jessica Wright stars in the lingerie brand 's resort collection . Hotel Summers includes several colourful swimwear pieces . Curvy Jess is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign .


the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9.30am on thursday . biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university's hatfield marine science center inspected the boat remains . they found 'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan' .


Chair was on first class deck when ship hit an iceberg in April 1912 . Found by Mackay-Bennett crew members while clearing up the wreck . Previously owned by English collector who kept it in sea-view window .


Andy King scored his 50th goal to earn Leicester three points . Estaban Cambiasso 's goal had been cancelled out by Cheick Kouyate . Nigel Pearson praises his goalscorer who he brought of the bench .


Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly molested another patient at his surgery. He allegedly asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias. He was described as 'increasingly drunk' and 'becoming increasingly aggressive' He is also alleged to have made sexual comments to the patient.


Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading . They can sell for as much as # 6,000 each-far more than the # 28 fee that Sweden 's government charges for new or renewed travel documents . The British passport is also one of the most powerful travel documents on the planet . It allows visa-free entry into 174 countries -- the same as Finland , Germany


Hanghang was playing on the phone after waking up early for school . He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his hand . It left his jawbone exposed and injuries to his hand , leg and knee . Experts blame battery as most likely cause of blast .


Rep Steve Knight representing 25th Congressional District in California was confronted by activists from right-wing group Friday . Protesters accused Knight of voting for immigrant ` amnesty ' during congressional battle over Homeland Security funding bill . Knight was one of 75 House Republicans who eventually voted on ` clean ' funding bill devoid of provisions blocking Obama 's immigration reform . Save Our State group that accosted Knight has been linked to white supremacists .


SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority . Scottish First Minister said she would form anti-Tory alliance regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7 . Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls .


Man , 30 , is accused of using a female nurse 's employee number to work . He worked for six weeks at Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York . Man was charged with fraud after payroll raised the alarm with hospital . Authorities are checking patient records to see who he interacted with .


Adam Leheup found not guilty of rape and sexual assault by jury . 34-year-old met the complainant after on the ` Let 's Date ' app . Pair enjoyed a night out before Leheup went back to 25-year-old 's flat . Leheup appeared emotional after being cleared at Blackfriars Crown Court .


Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure . Out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts . This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters . Experts advise playing it safe and restocking supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging UVA and UVB rays . Ingredient specialist and product developer Tammy Hollis says : ` Chances are


David Tungate , 58 , from Norwich , is engaged to a 30 year old from Gambia . He has already been married three times - twice to Gambian women . His last wife was a bigamist who became pregnant with another man 's baby .


Pensioner Alan Spencer 's life was saved by his 18-month old Labrador Lexi . The 67-year-old began choking on pickled onion and felt life ` slipping away ' But Lexi jumped on his back - dislodging the onion and saving his life . An earlier version of this article stated that Lexi the labrador had saved Mr Spencer 's live by performing the Heimlich manoeuvre . In fact , the dog jumped on his back to clear the blockage . Heimlich involves applying sudden , strong pressure on the abdomen , which was not the case in this instance . We are happy to clarify this .


Justin Rose bounced back from Florida misery by carding 69 in Houston . Three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson enjoyed return to form . Paul Casey celebrated last-gasp Masters invitation with fine round of 68 .


Robin Thomas , of Jonesboro , Arkansas , posted a ` girlfriend wanted ' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating . The father-of-three said that he 's looking for a woman who is ` normal and down-to-earth ' and closer to his own age , hoping for ` at least 28 '


mateo musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle . santi cazorla tweeted: 'a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo, i hope it's not too serious. wishing you all the strength for the recovery' musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months .


Rajul Patel stole £ 30,000 worth of valuables from London gym members . Today he was jailed for 32 months for carrying out eight burglaries in 2014 . The married father-of-one took wedding rings , phones and Rolex watches . He was caught when he returned to locker room just after starting workout . Patel tried to escape arrest by hiding behind a clothes rack in nearby shop .


Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir at dawn . When the hot spring boiled , bright pink steam erupted from the ground . The Chilean artist has been jailed for 15 days by ` disgusted ' authorities . He defended the artwork saying ` nature belongs to no one '


Toulon fly half Matt Giteau is eligible to play for the Wallabies again . The 32-year-old has not played for Australia since he was left out of the 2011 World Cup . Australia had a policy of not picking anyone who plays abroad . But Gitesau 's superb form for Toulon led to a clamour for him to be recalled . With immediate effect , Australia will pick ` elite


Tom Moffatt , 27 , from Ashton-under Lyne , tried to ink ` Riley ' into left arm . But instead of ` L' , he started needling letter ` P ' - and had to scribble it out . He also attempted to write Riley 's nickname ` Sonny Boy ' - but ended up scratching ` Sony Boy ' across knuckles instead . NHS worker is having laser removal to try and rid of the botched inkwork .


Conchita has been transformed into Gustav Klimt 's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth . The poster promotes the dazzling Life Ball event , where Conchita will perform , as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier .


Percy Sledge died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, of natural causes, the coroner's office says. He had a number of hits, including "When a Man Loves a Woman" Sledge was a singer, arranger and arranger. He was a hospital orderly, picking up gigs at night with a group called the Esquires Combo.


chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner valencia . jose mourinho earmarked the ecuadorian in january . chelsea have been weighing up various strikers with loic remy struggling to maintain fitness and didier drogba turning 37 last month .


Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident . Less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic . He subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . `` We want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , '' police commissioner says .


Martin Keown : Danny Welbeck 's pace might have unsettled Chelsea . John Terry and Gary Cahill are built to deal with players like Olivier Giroud . Keown says Chelsea captain Terry 's reading of the game is better than ever . The Arsenal fans said it was boring but Chelsea are doing what they need to do to win the league . Thierry Henry : Arsenal ca n't win title with Olivier Giroud in attack .


John Sutton Jr was just 8 years old in 1940 , when his blacksmith father took him to his first Kentucky Derby . The 84-year-old Louisville native has n't missed a race since , and has amassed an impressive collection of memorabilia over the past 76 races . Churchill Downs , the racing grounds that hosts the competition , has invited Sutton to watch the event for free as a special guest on May 2 .


Andy Murray is set to marry fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday . There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply . The one possible exception is comedian James Corden , although he is busy working in America .


Alice Barker was a dancer in the 1930s and '40s . Thanks to filmmakers , Barker -- now 102 -- finally saw herself dance .


Steven Christopher Costa is set to leave Britain to fight against ISIS in Iraq . Married father-of-two says he will take his own life if caught by terrorists . Mr Costa says his wife was ` not impressed ' when he revealed his plans . Former Royal Navy seaman 's biggest fear is not seeing his children again .


james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . he faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges .


Hugo Mbaeri , 25 , allegedly handed over customer names , account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society . He is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey . Seven others accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away .


The deadly H5N2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in northwest Iowa . Up to 5.3 million hens must be destroyed in the state to contain outbreak . Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the deadly virus . Minnesota , the top turkey-producing state has been severally effected . Nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens have died or been culled since March .


Newcastle lost 1-0 to rivals Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday . John Carver admits the Magpies struggle when they have to compete . Newcastle play Liverpool on Monday and are nine points above drop zone .


Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities . Frida Ghitis : While the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling . She says Jihad Ya ` qoub , the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee the camp


Barcelona were desperate for reinforcements at the end of last season . Everton defender John Stones was on the club 's list of transfer targets . La Liga giants instead signed Thomas Vermaelen and Jeremy Mathieu . READ : Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera tracked by Barcelona . READ : Arsenal defender Hector Bellerin tops poll to replace Dani Alves .


Five-year-old Ava Ciach , from Geelong in Victoria , had Sagittal Synostosis . She had to have her skull removed , smashed and put together like a jigsaw . Her mother Stacey is speaking out about the complex operation to raise awareness for the Royal Children 's Hospital 's Good Friday Appeal .


Northampton were thrashed 37-5 in the Champions Cup. Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting the English champions to an open training session. Northampton exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.


Harry Kane has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Kane is the leading candidate after his excellent season with Tottenham. But Mauricio Pochettino says Kane should win the award.


Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with Newcastle ` disrespectful ' McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at St James ' Park next season . John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat .


Veteran TV presenter Richard Wilkins was moved to tears as he retraced his grandfather 's ANZAC footsteps . Reading his `` papa 's '' war diaries ` lit a flame of interest ' to head to Gallipoli . He cracked when standing on ANZAC Cove thinking of how ` the poor buggers found themselves in hell '


Plant in Zhangzhou , Fujian province , is used to make a toxic chemical . Nineteen people required medical treatment after blast caused by oil leak . Plant produces paraxylene , which can cause eye , nose and throat irritation . It is the second accident at the controversial plant in 20 months . It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring blaze under control .


Gabrielle Yinka Saunders , 32 , stole money from Insight Investments on the day after she started working there . Used company money to pay for £ 10,000 wedding and £ 5,000 honeymoon . But she was spared jail despite having previous fraud convictions . Saunders stole £ 35,000 from PwC and was jailed for six months in 2007 .


Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet , from Paris , has recreated a series of ads for her project SPOOF . The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy , Lancome , Lanvin and Acne . In the images she has retoated the adverts completely , from the clothes the model wears , to the poses , make-up , hair colour and surroundings . The series of pictures took two months to


the island of st helena is 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa . it was discovered in 1502 by portuguese explorer juan de nova . it was a key stopping place for the ships of the east india company . it was also the place to which napoleon was exiled after waterloo .


Local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme . They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds . £ 60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £ 30 million each -- for the project . The bridge increasingly seems to be losing support of environmentalists .


Meaghan Keeler-Pettigrew , Stuart Bradin : U.S. must rethink special forces . United States is spreading foreign military assistance too thin , they say .


Real Madrid have not beaten their neighbours in six meetings this season . They will meet again in Champions League last eight this week . Carlo Ancelotti is under increasing pressure after poor form in 2015 . He masterminded Real 's 10th European Cup triumph last season . But that win over Atletico has n't made his job any more secure .


A kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in Bruhl , Germany . German police initially believed the report was an April Fools day prank . After realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field . The owners later called police when the animal returned to it 's enclosure . It is suspected that the it 's fencing was damaged after severe storms .


The Canberra based DFAT workers got an ` announcement ' on a screen . The message said their office was being closed and moved to Melbourne . The announcement was displayed for five hours before it was revealed . It comes as the department plans to cut 500 jobs by June this year .


Explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road . The flames shot well over 100 feet into the air , witnesses said . Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion .


Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez 's shot . Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . The Australian is due to marry long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the final . The 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game . Reading boss Steve Clarke expects him to start against Birmingham on


jamie anderson said cgi characters did not have same charm as puppets . thunderbirds will return to screens tonight 50 years after original launch . jerky puppets have been replaced by computer-generated images .


David Alderson , 72 , was found dead in a Cornish copper mine last January . Police thought he had died in a cycling accident but Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern and now accused of murdering him . Court hears they lured victim to mine by offering to sell him illegal guns . Defendants ` beat pensioner around head and left him face down in pond '


Erica Leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer . She allegedly squirted breast milk at the officer during a strip search . The mother of three allegedly covered the officer 's face , arms and uniform in milk . She has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence . The 26-year-old has been granted bail and remanded in custody . She will reappear in


South Korean Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign amid a growing political scandal . Lee will stay in his official role until President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation . Lee and seven other politicians with links to the South Korean President are under investigation .


Lincolnshire resort is famous for giant Butlin's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks. Butlin's first holiday park in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.


The study was based on land prices combined with Census data. The study found that land in the lower 48 states achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006. Prices may have rebounded since the end of the economic recession, but the study paints the widest ever picture of how much the ground beneath our feet is actually worth.


Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya . The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group 's activities . The group is driven by the same radical interpretation of the Koran as al-Qaeda and ISIS . It is not clear whether it will switch allegiances to ISIS , which is a long-time ally of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian


The Yeo Valley staff canteen is said to be best in the world and offers restaurant-quality food at subsidised prices . Its 120 dairy workers can tuck into a meal for as little as £ 2 and now the canteen has been opened up to the public . Locally-sourced food is prepared by Michelin-trained chef Paul Collins against stunning backdrop of the Mendips . How does your staff canteen measure up ? Send your pictures and stories to gemma.mullin@mailonline.co.uk .


Luka Modric had to be replaced with a knee complaint on Saturday . Gareth Bale suffered a calf strain early on at the Bernabeu . Bale will almost certainly miss the clash with Atletico on Wednesday . Real Madrid beat Malaga 3-1 to keep up the pressure on leaders Barcelona . Carlo Ancelotti 's side face rivals Atletico Madrid on Wednesday .


Video seems to show militants in Libya holding one group of at least 16 captive on a beach and 12 others in a desert . Before the killings a masked fighter in black brandishes a pistol as he vows to kill Christians if they do not convert . Ethiopia unable to confirm its citizens were killed by militants in the footage but condemned the ` atrocious act ' It comes two months after 21 Egyptian Christians were beheaded by extremists in a similar video from Libya .


Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within ten days . Ms Sumner was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 in a library . Officials claimed she was in Russia on a commercial not a study visa . Russian media branded Ms Sumner ` a spy ' due to her research interests .


Ugandan Ashish Thakkar built a vast business empire . The entrepreneur says the answer to unemployment lies in nurturing small businesses . Africa 's lack of legacy systems has sped up innovation on the continent .


Paul Smith to face Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California. The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title. But it amounts to a huge, albeit daunting, opportunity for Smith.


The former Prime Minister claimed he has ` decades ' of work left in him . Joked he would ` turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down from global roles . Wants to recruit former government heads to advise current leaders . He was ` mentored ' by US president Bill Clinton when he started in 1997 .


Analysis of Martian weather seems to support the idea that the planet could be dotted with salty puddles at night . The finding has `` wider implications '' for efforts to find evidence of life on Mars , a researcher says .


MCC plans to replace the ` tired ' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord 's . The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of Lord 's to almost 30,000 . The ` Masterplan ' , which has a projected budget of £ 80million , should be ready for the World Cup and Ashes .


Drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west India . Rahul Kumar , 17 , ran towards animals shouting ` Today I kill a lion ! ' Fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued .


The S300 rocket barely manages to take off before plummeting back to earth . A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon attempts to launch . Seconds later , the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover .


Sophie Ryan-Palmer , 12 , Fabian Bates , nine , and Chloe Balloqui , three , are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital . They become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy . Tragically , although for one of them , treatment is successful , two do not survive .


` Her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' said the manager of the Maumee , Ohio , restaurant . To be fair , ` Clinton did n't pay ' for the meal - ` The other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to Abedin , the vice chairwoman of Clinton 's campaign . This branch of the chain DOES have a tip jar says its manager - although many other Chipotles do not . Clinton and Abedin dropped by restaurant incognito for lunch during their road trip from New York to Iowa for the first round of campaign events .


David Cameron appeared to forget which football team he supported . The PM named West Ham as his team , despite supporting Aston Villa . Labour said the gaffe exposed Mr Cameron as a ` phoney ' leader . The Conservative leader said he had suffered a ` brain fade ' Mr Cameron insisted that he had supported Aston Villa his ` whole life '


Pelvic organ prolapse , or POP , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs-including the womb -- becomes weak . Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help . Many who do are offered just one solution : a hysterectomy . Procedure , called a sacrohysteropexy , is rare , with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three


wayne kyle gave his first interview since the end of the trial of his son's killer eddie routh on thursday . chris kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by routh after the pair took him shooting to help him with his ptsd . in february, routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .


In 2009 , Britain 's youngest workers received pay rises three times greater than older workers . In the last three months of 2014,5 . 4 % of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs , compared to only 1.2 % of 50-64 . Labour leader Ed Miliband said Tories ` believe in the old idea that as long as the rich and powerful are OK then everyone else will succeed ' Experts said


Frankie Gavin is set to take on Kell Brook at The 02 on May 30 . Eddie Hearn says Brook is up for the IBF welterweight world title fight . Talks have been held between the parties , but decision yet to be reached . Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made on Friday .


Al Qaeda confirms that two of its leaders were killed in January drone strikes . Other leaders have been killed or captured recently . The terrorist group 's capacity to carry out attacks in the West has been greatly diminished .


The trackers allows owners to check carrier conditions like temperature . The pet GPS is available from $ 50 per flight from 10 US airports . Between 2010 and 2013 , Delta was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths .


ISIS uses Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its actions in Iraq . U.S. poured money into Iraq after 2003 invasion , but did not make support contingent upon a fair distribution of power and resources . Lack of accountability in aftermath of American intervention in Iraq paved the way for abuses .


A New York City woman watched a man rob her apartment and then left with the goods in just minutes. The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police. The thief took her laptop, jewelry and a digital camera.


Unnamed child from Medina , Ohio , allegedly swiped cash from bedside table . Police say he handed out $ 100 notes at school , then at a friend 's house . Also gave money to children 's parents , who took them on spending spree . After authorities found out , some $ 7,000 of the stash has been recovered . Prosecutors say charges will soon be filed in the case .


Liverpool and Manchester United are set to battle for Memphis Depay . But Bayern Munich have now joined the race for his signature . Holland international Depay has scored 23 goals for the club this season . READ : Liverpool set for summer overhaul with TEN Kop stars on way out .


The Care Quality Commission damned the NHS 's first privately run hospital . But it ignored its own inspectors ' spot check that found improvements . In January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke as ` inadequate ' Today the commission will upgrade this and publish a glowing report .


Cecil Hamilton-Miller was part of team that prosecuted dozens of camp guards. He struggled to talk to about his role after liberation of Bergen-Belsen. His cousin said he was 'overwhelmed' by the support he received from those who knew him.


Pit crew member Todd Phillips was hit by a car on Sunday during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana . He was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone , who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel . Phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released . Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .


liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on monday night . raheem sterling scored the opener before joe allen equalised . brendan rodgers will remind sterling of his responsibilities . sterling has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack' . the 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action .


Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi , Japan . It beat the previous record of 361mph -LRB- 580km/h -RRB- set in 2003 . Another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow , and engineers predict it could reach 373mph -LRB- 600km/H -RRB- Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track . This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service .


Abbott Government are actively trying to stop parents who do n't immunise their children from accessing rebates . Only parents who immunise their children are eligible to access welfare payments and childcare subsidies . However a loophole currently allows parents who do not vaccinate their children from accessing the funds . Conscientious objectors are people who oppose vaccinations for personal or philosophical reasons despite knowing the risks . Scott Morrison confirms the government wants to take a more hard-line approach in the interest of the health and safety of Australian children .


Marissa Holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at Popeyes in Channelview , Texas , on March 31 . A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter . The robber managed to get $ 400 cash from the till , which Popeyes said was too much money


Stuart McCall revealed Shane Ferguson still has a role to play for Rangers . The Northern Irishman has received the green light to start training . McCall believes Ferguson can be involved in the final promotion push . CLICK HERE for all the latest Rangers news .


Rumours suggest Apple will used 7000 series aluminium in the next iPhone . Alloy is already used to make sports bikes and the Apple Watch Sport . Would make next handset 60 per cent stronger than the iPhone 6 's case . Just days after its launch the handset was shown to be easily bent .


Father of autistic teenager kept Christmas lights up to raise awareness . But angry neighbour sent him abusive letter branding them ` an eyesore ' He now plans to switch them on to support Autism Awareness Month . Former publican says he 'll keep them up until next year ` out of principle '


Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a new swimwear line . The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material . The collection is inspired by the ocean , with coral reef scenes featuring . The swimsuits cater for every shape , with sizes ranging from 10 through to 24 .


This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .


The new Terminal 1 will open in 2018 spanning 700,000 square metres . The large area is set to handle 45 million passengers a year . British-Iraqi architect , Zaha Hadid , worked with airport developers ADPI . The six-tier concept aims to promote a central open communal space .


A prosecutor said that Jamie Silvonek , 14 , accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend to kill her mom should remain in an adult jail . Her boyfriend , 20-year-old Caleb Barnes , who is from El Paso , Texas , but was stationed at Fort Meade , Maryland , is charged with homicide . Cheryl Silvonek 's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia . ` She threatened to throw me out of the house . I want her gone . ... ` Just do it , ' Silvonek allegedly texted Barnes before the killing .


As campaign manager for Clinton 's successful 2000 Senate run , de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message . He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . While he said Clinton has a very progressive history , he noted that the income inequality in the U.S. is ` out of control '


Stewart Regan says Dave King faces a challenge to convince the SFA he is fit and proper. South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month. King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's Professional Game Board.


Jordan Spieth holds lead in 2015 Masters . Strong starts from McIlroy and Woods . Both fall away as 21 year old Spieth takes control .


John Tuite , 22 , and Carlos Santolalla , 25 , share an Instagram account that their old agencies pressured them to delete . The couple claims that the world of male modeling is n't as gay-friendly as most people believe . The in-demand duo also DJs at hot New York City clubs and rubs shoulders with celebrities .


David Potchen , 53 , robbed bank and sat on curb waiting for police in June . He had served 12 and a half years starting in 2000 before parole . Potchen lost job and housing before spending night in the woods . Judge gave him conversion charge and will drop recent robbery charge if he stays out of trouble for a year . He is employed as welder and estranged cousins are taking care of him .


Duncan Burton , 57 , was charged last week with rape in Houston , Texas . Released from jail in 2012 after serving 14-years of an 18-year sentence .


Stephanie Scott was last seen at Leeton , 550 km west of Sydney , on Sunday . High school teacher is due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday . Police have grave concerns as her disappearance is ` out of character ' Family fear her red Mazda - also missing - may have rolled off the road . They have asked the public to help search along roadsides in the area . Her parents plan to hire a private helicopter to assist with the search . The 26-year-old spent the weekend she disappeared picking up cufflinks for the wedding and a bikini to take on her honeymoon to Tahiti . Family have begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling wedding plans .


David Cameron has admitted that he and wife Samantha were ` falling apart ' Frank admission over pressure of trying to care for their disabled son Ivan . Ivan was born with rare disorder - Ohtahara Syndrome - and died aged six .


Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley. At Arsenal, Arsene Wenger changed the attitude completely.


alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east london . he was the son of a wholesale grocer and educated by the jesuits . his entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt .


Classic comic book `` The Dark Knight Returns '' is getting a second sequel . Legendary comics writer Frank Miller is returning to the story that made him famous .


Viviana Keith , 27 , reported to be drunk at a nail salon in Red Rock , Texas . Officer Ben Johnson arrived and found Keith walking to her car . He noticed she was drunk and moved to arrest her , claiming she resisted . Video shows him slamming her to the concrete of the car park . She was knocked out and suffered a black eye . Charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties . Incident being investigated but Johnson remains on the job .


Robert Blecker : In sentencing phase , the prosecution lays out wealth of evidence that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves penalty reserved for the worst of the worst . He predicts most of the jury will vote for a death sentence , but it must be unanimous ; therefore , Tsarnaev will most likely get life in prison .


mathew sitko, 23, crashed into a fence at bryden canyon in lewiston, idaho, on wednesday morning . a passer-by smashed his window and pulled sitko from the car . sitko is recovering in hospital from minor injuries .


Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address the country's obesity crisis. It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving - about seven teaspoons' worth. Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar, which has 27g.


Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 . The increase is driven largely by women 's drinking habits . It 's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have , says one expert .


darron gibson damaged his metatarsal during everton's 2-1 win over leicester . roberto martinez expects the midfielder to be ready for pre-season . the toffees will look to extend gibson's contract this summer .


joe root scored 182 not out on day four of the second test in grenada . the batsman admitted that pitches like the one in grenada make it easier to make centuries and harder to win games . root's efforts left the west indies with a 165-run deficit, but they cleared that to finish 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps .


Marc Wabafiyebazu and his 15-year-old brother Jean were arrested in Miami on March 30. Marc was killed in a drugs raid that led to the death of his brother. The boys attended top private schools bankrolled by their mother Roxanne Dube.


Monaco face Juventus in Champions League quarter-final second leg . Ligue 1 side have moved on expensive stars while bringing through youth . Coach Leonardo Jardim is proud after his player 's eliminated Arsenal . Dimitar Berbatov : Champions League semi-final is within Monaco 's reach .


joshua smith fell from a cliff and plunged into the sea in berwick-upon-tweed . the 16-year-old schoolboy was plucked from the water by an raf rescue crew . he was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead . police have said that the teenager's death is not being treated as suspicious .


TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. In a record breaking effort The Royal Children's Hospital's Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million that will be put towards vital research and facilities to benefit their young patients.


San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 . Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points in a play-off career high 32 points . Houston Rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in Dallas . Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 3-0 at Staples Center on Friday . Dallas Mavericks beat Washington Wizards 3-1 in Sunday 's game . Clipper 's


The Walter Scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork . Phillip Hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night . Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement have started using it as his symbol .


Nick Woodman 's dynamic cameras became instant success in 2006 . Before they took off , he acted as the model for the self-made adverts . Now , nine years later , he is a billionaire and top of Bloomberg Pay Index .


How To Be A Young Billionaire airs tonight on Channel 4 . Documentary features Robyn Exton , who 's launching a lesbian dating app . Tech entrepreneur Josh Buckley attempts to save his shrinking fortune .


Liu Guijuan shared pictures of the headdress on Chinese social media . Headpiece is said to cost £ 10,775 and uses feathers from 80 kingfishers . Conservationists criticised Miss Liu as condoning animal cruelty . Artist fought back stating she bought the luxurious piece in name of art .


Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. The reigning world champion has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne. The incident has sparked criticism of the two-time world champion.


paul armstrong, 26, flew to cyprus with friends to celebrate new job . but after a spending spree he was stopped at airport with weapons . he pleaded guilty to possession of firearm and two offensive weapons . armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs at newcastle crown court .


French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat. The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities. Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique on Wednesday.


Owner Lansdown has ploughed his fortune into the club through love and nothing else . That strategy racked up enormous debts when they lost the Championship play-off final in 2008 . Lansdown wrote off an eye-watering £ 35million worth of debt last year . He is more pragmatic with his money nowadays and City are on the brink of a return to the second tier .


Jim Furyk has won the 2015 RBC Heritage at Harbour Town . US veteran defeated Kevin Kisner in the second play-off hole . It was the 17th PGA Tour title for the 44-year-old former US Open winner .


Women in Brisbane are protesting offensive slogans on Wicked Campers . The group claims the slogans promote violence against women . In 2014 the company agreed to remove the slogans but has n't happened . The group is spraying over slogans and posting pictures on social media . Over 150 protesters from Wicked Pickets gathered to rally against the vans .


Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City . But West Ham boss Sam Allardyce claims no offer has been made . The 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season . Cress well made 32 Premier League appearances and scored twice .


Christopher Bridger , 25 , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions . The paramedic , from Stevenage , Hertfordshire , was jailed for 12 years . He was convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year . The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the medical register . A jury at Guildford Crown Court found him guilty of raping a fellow student . A


Huge computer glitch prevented deals in stock exchanges across the world . Bloomberg down for several hours just after trading began this morning . Europe and Asia thrown into chaos after server crashed in London office . And reports from inside the company say a spilt can of Coke was to blame .


The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm . The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it would n't return money it has already collected . ` What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be


Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks at an Omaha, Nebraska, hospital have been released. One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged. The others have already gone home.


Sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson , Missouri on Saturday but by Sunday , its trunk had been snapped in half . By Monday , it had been replanted and the Ferguson Police Department is investigating the incident as an act of vandalism . This is the third time a Brown memorial has been destroyed ; in September , a memorial went up in flames and in December , one was hit by a car .


Carlo Ancelotti says Diego Simeone has proved himself as one of the best . Real Madrid face Champions League quarter-final clash against Atletico . Real boss reveals he has a fully fit squad to choose from for the first leg .


Lib Dem leader warns three or four-party coalition ` is not going to work ' Raises prospect of Lib Dems entering government with Labour or Tories . Experts warn hung parliament could send financial markets into turmoil .


Adam McBurney has been capped for the Ireland Under-20s . He was not at his home in County Antrim when it was targeted on Easter Sunday . Bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in kitchen and bathroom walls . Neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property . Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had ` criminal elements '


Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. She regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds. The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab is 'brainwashing' the children.


The project is hoped to open at the former arts centre , La Llotja . Friend and producer Jaume Roures of Mediapro is leading the tribute . The museum follows Allen 's Vicky Cristina Barcelona , set in the city .


More than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes , UNICEF says . More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence , it says . The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago captured global attention . `` They have the right to get their childhoods back , '' it says .


video shows booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side . the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida .


Dietrich Evans arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford in the head. The church singer was hit in the head with a bullet fragment in Houston. Evans, 22, is being held on $250,000 bond.


Arsenal have a chance at the Premier League title if Chelsea throw it away . The Gunners are on a terrific run of 15 wins in 17 since January 2 's loss . The two defeats in this spell were at Tottenham and at home to Monaco . These were the two key games all Arsenal fans desperately wanted to win . READ : Arsenal have EXACTLY the same record in league as last season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .


Researchers find that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima . The barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens . This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .


Catholic News Service in America slams ` anti-Catholic point of view ' Criticises depiction of Sir Thomas More as ` sleazy , mean-spirited and just plain rude ' US media looking forward to ` great British import ' starring Damian Lewis . Washington Post reviewer warns distortion of facts points to ` ideological bias '


Ariana Mason , 21 , claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a Las Vegas hotel . She told reporters yesterday : ` What happened to me was wrong and I do n't want it to happen to anybody else '


Japanese man pays for his cheating ways with his prized gadget collection . Scorned girlfriend takes snaps of Apple bath and sends them to him . Photos of soaked iMac , iPhones , iPads and accessories go viral on Twitter .


Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals . Pep Guardiola must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi . The Bayern Munich boss nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp .


Warner Bros and DC Comics wanted to set world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours . The event kicked off on April 18 in Queensland , Australia , at Movie World . US , UK , France , Brazil , Italy , Spain , Taiwan , Mexico , Philippines also hosted . The old world record set in 2010 at 1,580 so seems likely it was shattered .


toshiba's humanoid robot is set to start work at a department store in tokyo . the female-looking robot, named aiko chihira, will only speak japanese . but she is also capable of sign language to help customers find their way around .


North Sea cod populations are healthy in hundreds of fisheries analysed . Stocks plummeted in 1980s and 1990s but industry has steadily recovered . Research was carried out by Seafish and the Marine Stewardship Council . However it also found only one in nine fisheries are operating sustainably .


Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania made the finding . They spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs . These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel . But why thousands of these stars are there remains a mystery .


TalkSPORT commentator Stan Collymore grew up supporting Aston Villa . Covering Villa 's 3-3 draw with QPR on Tuesday , he could not hide his delight when Christian Benteke scored . He was pictured leaping from his seat in the Villa Park press box .


Isobel Attwood has not made contact with her family since Saturday . The 16-year-old is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions . Police believe she could be in the Winchester or Southampton area .


Clean Eating Alice is the latest healthy living Instagram sensation . She posts pictures of her body transformation and healthy meals . The pretty blonde has a six pack thanks to the LDN Muscle bikini plan .


Cesc Fabregas takes advantage of Rob Green error to win the game for Chelsea three minutes from time . Chelsea had lacked a threat in the absence of Diego Costa and Loic Remy , with Didier Drogba up front . Before goal QPR came closest to scoring , with Thibaut Courtois saving well from Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips . Jose Mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League with a game in hand .


Motorist Ravi Beefnah claims his £ 35,000 Audi A5 uses far too much oil . He covered his car in slogans and parked it outside a dealership in Essex . Car has been there for two months and he claims Audi will not fix problem . Manufacturer say they have offered to fix Mr Beefnah 's car free of charge .


Georgina Bartter 's best friend has pleaded guilty to a drug supply charge . Rebecca Hannibal , 19 , was first charged with supplying ecstasy to Ms Bartter in December but originally pleaded not guilty . Police allege she purchased the ecstasy pills from Matthew Forti , also 19 . Ms Bartter , 19 , died from a suspected ecstasy overdose in November . She was taken to hospital after suffering multiple organ failure .


Real Madrid midfielder Luka Modric has sprained a ligament in his right knee. The Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday. Modric could still be back for the Champions League final but Real Madrid will have to get there without him.


Researchers at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , California , cut real skin samples and then attempted to pull them apart . Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing . They discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share


78,000 sign petition to demand removal of spikes in Leeds city centre . Fast food giant says that the spikes are to prevent anti-social behaviour .


25-year-old was left brain damaged after doctors failed to administer vitamin K shortly after he was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital . Vitamin K helps the blood clot and prevents bleeding in young babies . Man suffered a brain haemorrhage and now needs 24-hour care . Judge awarded him £ 7.3 million to pay for his ongoing treatment and care .


Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a .38-caliber revolver found at his house. The U.S. Supreme Court last year sent Hinton's case back for a potential new trial.


Plant geneticists at Pennsylvania State University discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . Discovery could lead to chocolate with unique textures and new drugs too . Research could also be used to create new varieties of cocoa plants . Experts hope find could profit the farmers who grow cocoa .


Erika Langhart had a zest for life at the age of 24. When she was 24 she was working in Washington and thought about going to law school. Erika was found collapsed on the floor of her apartment.


`` Sopranos '' creator David Chase revealed the reason for the show 's ending . He did n't reveal whether Tony Soprano lives or dies , but what he did . `` The tension is quite high now , but if you think about it , for no real reason , '' Chase said . `` The biggest feeling I was going for , honestly , was do n't stop


Sen . Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days , reports CNN 's Nia-Malika Henderson . Vice President Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Ohio Gov . John Kasich is n't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy . The old line `` elections have consequences '' gets repeated a lot because it just


Kim Richards , 50 , was arrested early Thursday morning at The Beverly Hills Hotel . The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star was hanging out at The Polo Lounge at around 1 : 30 am when she was refused service by a bartender . She allegedly cursed at officers and ` passively resisted arrest ' The reality star had to be dragged out of the restrooms and taken to


Jessica Hardy , 23 , has tattoo with ex-boyfriend 's name on her forearm . Did n't read kit instructions and applied chemical to skin without diluting . Caused her skin to blister and burn but still left her with unsightly tattoo . Mother-of-one 's story featured on Tattoo Disasters on Channel 5 . Tattoo Disasters is on Channel 5 's Spike Tuesdays at 9 pm . Extreme Beauty Disasters is on TLC Thursdays at 8 pm . Tattoo Nightmares is on truTV on Mondays at 9 pm .


Mark Wood part of the England squad flying to the Caribbean . Alastair Cook 's side to play three Test matches against West Indies . At 5ft 11in and 12st , he is not the size of traditional fast bowler .


A 34-member team from the Indian army plans to climb Mount Everest in May . The group will pick up at least 4,000 kilograms of waste from the high-altitude camps . The trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest .


Loretta Lynch has been waiting for a confirmation vote for six months. Her confirmation has become more relevant as it has dragged into its sixth month. Her confirmation vote will take place on Monday, when the Senate returns from Easter recess.


One in three women are self conscious about the state of their skin . Superdrug launches range of creams to tackle spots and fight aging . Hormones and diets blamed for those up to their 50s suffering with spots .


Charlie Kwentus , 42 , from Webster Groves , Missouri , was granted his dying wish by the Annie 's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids . The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and limousine included . Footage from the event shows Kwentus dancing with his daughters Maren , aged nine , and Zoe , 13 , before stopping to give a heartfelt speech . Kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago and recently decided to stop treatment .


Steven Finn has vowed to chase England recall despite missing World Cup. The Middlesex seamer took five wickets in England's warm-up over India. Finn says he finds it 'baffling' he is criticised for not hitting 90mph mark.


khadijah dare's mother victoria has called upon her daughter to return home . mrs dare, from lewisham, south london, says her daughter was a devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college . 'she loved church. she would sit there and pray and pray and pray,' says mrs dare in an interview due to be screened tonight as part of a bbc documentary .


600 fewer GPs open in the evenings and at weekends , Labour has claimed . Andy Burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ` NHS crisis '


Swiss international Ricardo Rodriguez nets penalty in second half . Kevin de Bruyne and Andre Schurrle miss chances in win . Borussia Dortmund also reach last four of German Cup on Tuesday .


Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure . Since Christmas West Ham have been playing relegation football . If a new manager is being considered , it is understandable . Rafael Benitez could return to English football after Napoli .


Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan aiming for tour in May . Khan said Zimbabwe is close to agreeing to five ODI matches in Pakistan . Pakistan has n't played a Test nation at home since 2009 terrorist attack .


Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees . But England coach Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old . Barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench in England 's 1-1 draw in Turin . Martinez said : ` When he has a bad game it 's the end of the world ' Romelu Lukaku will face a fitness test on the hamstring injury that kept


Joe Root scores 118 not out in second innings at stumps. England captain Alastair Cook hits 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott. Jos Buttler starts day four alongside Root, who is 118 not out.


AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd pleads guilty to threatening to kill and drug charges . Court summary revealed that Rudd had ordered for his personal assistant to be `` taken out '' Police found methamphetamine and cannabis in his New Zealand home in November .


Deputies filmed chasing ` horse thief ' Francis Pusok in the California desert . Pusok , 30 , falls off horse ; seconds later , two officers stun him with Tasers . They then kick him in crotch and head repeatedly , before others join them . Footage captured by NBC helicopter on Thursday , sparked outrage online . Man 's lawyer said it was ` as bad , if not worse ' than Rodney King 's beating . Now , 10 deputies have been placed on paid administrative leave by sheriff . International and criminal investigations are ongoing ; deputies not named . Pusok 's girlfriend of 13 years said that she ` could n't believe ' graphic video .


The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC 's Today show to launch a contest for an Elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' The winning duo will get married in the brand new Elvis Presley 's Graceland Wedding Chapel at the Westgate Hotel on Thursday , April 23 . While she agreed to make an appearance , the woman who wed Elvis in 1967 made one thing clear before unveiling the latest wedding chapel to bear his name : No impersonators .


duke and duchess of cambridge are moving into anmer hall in norfolk . the country bolt hole will become their principal residence over the next few years . kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round . prince william plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments .


The red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds. It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int the crash, became stuck in the wall. No-one was serious injured in the accident.


Melbourne model Sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria . He fled to the Middle East last year to fight with Islamic State with a friend . Sharky 's father confirmed his son 's death while relatives posted tributes . Family were told on Monday by friends via a text message and phone call .


Greece 's Football Federation -LRB- EPO -RRB- could be suspended from international competition over government interference . FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence in running their own affairs . The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events .


Capture of Charles Piutau is a bold endorsement of Ulster 's ambition . Leinster were forced to rest Irish stars for Pro 12 clash with Glasgow . Nathan Hughes did not deserve ban for clumsy challenge on George North .


Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in 2011 for £ 3.5 million from Fluminese . He was ineligible for a work permit and has had five loan spells in Spain . He has been granted Spanish nationality , allowing him to play for Arsenal . READ : Theo Walcott will open Arsenal talks in next fortnight . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .


the duchess of cambridge's baby is due 'mid to late april', she said . kensington palace sources say kate's real due date is today or tomorrow . april 25 remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers ladbrokes .


out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly, say experts . you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters . out-of-date lotions are also more likely to cause skin irritations .


Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera while he was camping in Iceland . After emerging into bitter sub-zero temperatures from his tent he spotted a female and male fox copulating . But the pair were n't alone - a third Arctic fox lurked nearby and wasted no time in battling his rival for the female . The losing fox was seen by the photographer limping off up a snowy hill and was n't expected to last the night .


Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge . He said : ` The modern audience might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago -- not consistently so , anyway ' Radio 3 is the least listened-to of the BBC 's main stations .


stefano mauri opened the scoring for lazio in the fourth minute . miroslav klose added a second just after the half-hour mark . antonio candreva and felipe anderson added further goals . napoli beat fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place in serie a .


BBC paid for research into how smiley faces could be used in news stories . Licence fee payers ' money was spent on the ` ridiculous ' 44-page document . Designers told to make emojis of Gary Lineker and Graham Norton 's faces .


jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is the right man to lead liverpool forward after a third straight season without a trophy . liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season . carragher received a beacon award at a ceremony in london on tuesday night for his community work on merseyside .


Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis has sent an application to taxi app Uber . 24-year-old says ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash ' Says : ` People ask me why would you want to be an Uber driver if you play in the NFL ... You know what 's better than NFL money ? More money ' Francis plans to work for the $


Margaret Tyler , 71 , was at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince Andrew . Self-confessed royal ` superfan ' John Loughery , 60 , was also there . He was the only member of the public to attend every day of the 2008 inquest into Diana 's death . Mrs Tyler , an avid collector of royal memorabilia , says she considers the royals to be part


Dave Roberts , 50 , bungee jumped from Transporter Bridge over River Tees . His great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister jumped to his death at same spot . Mr McAllister jumped off bridge in drunken bet for sixpence 100 years ago . Mayoral candidate Mr Roberts successfully completed the jump for charity .


There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League . Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager in the Premier League who can guide a team into the latter stages of the competition . Scholes believes Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United to the final stages of Europe 's premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal


Police seized Rafi , 10 , and Dvora , 6 , in a Maryland park on Sunday and their parents say they were n't reunited by CPS for hours . Scientists Danielle and Alexander Meitiv believe in ` free range parenting ' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy . The Meitivs were found guilty of neglect in March . After Sunday 's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .


Andrew ` Drew ' Butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez . She was driving in San Jose , California , in front of couple 's two-year-old son . Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when gun went off .


More than a dozen Australians are reported missing following the quake . Julie Bishop confirmed there are no reports of Australian deaths . The Australian Government has committed $ 5 million in aid to help Nepal . Families have launched a desperate search for information on social media . Australian actor Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea for his brother . Zachary Sheridan is missing after a huge earthquake rocked the country . The powerful quake has caused massive damage in the capital Kathmandu . Officials have confirmed about 100 New Zealanders in Nepal are safe . More than 1800 were killed and warned the death toll likely to rise .


Louis van Gaal handed Radamel Falcao a surprise start against Chelsea . Falcao has struggled at Manchester United since his loan move . The Colombian has only scored four goals all season in 22 appearances . Falcao had just 19 touches in the first half at Stamford Bridge . The United forward struggled to deal with Chelsea captain John Terry .


charlie kwentus, 42, from webster groves, missouri, was granted his dying wish by the annie's hope bereavement center for kids . the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included . tear-jerking footage from the special event shows kwentus dancing with his daughters maren, aged nine, and zoe, 13 .


Heather Mack, 19, gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago. She was found guilty with boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack. Schaefer had claimed he killed his girlfriend's mother in self-defense.


queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league . qpr face west ham, liverpool, manchester city, newcastle and leicester . chris ramsey believes his side will stay up with three wins from five .


Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday . After a low-key day campaigning in Doncaster on Saturday , the Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family . David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon were prominent on the campaign trail .


chloe hyart was snatched from a playground in front of her mother isabelle hyart's eyes by polish migrant zbigniew huminsk . huminsk bundled the girl into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her . chloe's body was discovered in a migrant camp last week . hundreds have attended the funeral of the nine-year-old .


Mark Ward Faville , of Christiansburg , Virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne , who died in 2000 . After the verdict was , read , Faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse . It is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway .


There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe 's top competition . Seven have Manchester United connections : Cristiano Ronaldo , Patrice Evra , Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba , Dimitar Berbatov , Gerard Pique , plus Javier Hernandez . Chelsea , Arsenal , Liverpool and Manchester City have all been knocked out of the Champions League .


Punting aces say they have found a way to beat the odds in Australia 's iconic game of chance . If you lose a bet then keep doubling up until the coins fall your way . Gambling experts say it is not vital to stick to your original call . Most RSLs and pubs across Australia will feature games of Two Up . The game of Two Up can be traced back to the 1790s .


Cynthia Cheroitich , 19 , says Al-Shabaab told her if she did n't know to read to them in the Muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down `` `` I was scared so much , '' she says after a visit by the head of the university convinced her to come out . `` The fallacy and satanic mindset is that in Somalia , they kill Muslims


The 100th anniversary of the start of the mass killings will be commemorated Friday . Turkey and others reject the use of the word `` genocide '' Most estimates of the deaths fall between 600,000 and 1.5 million .


Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack . A car bomb explodes outside the front gate of the education ministry building in Mogadishu . Assailants storm the building and engage in a gunbattle with guards .


South Korean investigators say they have proof that North Korea is launching cyberattacks . Reports say the North is investing heavily in digital warfare . December attack on banks in South Korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report says .


Stana Katic married Kris Brkljac on Monday in Croatia. The couple are off the market and are expected to be married in April. The actress, 37, is off the market and is expected to be married in April.


Andrew Hennells, 31, posted details of his plan to rob Tesco on Facebook. He said he was 'Doing. Tesco.


Georgia Powers : Rand Paul , running for president , would like minorities to think he 's an advocate . His record on rights shows otherwise . On civil rights , women 's choice , voting rights , immigrant DREAMers , education , he has shown he 'd take country backwards , she says .


The tracks were found in Ileret , northwest Kenya , 1.5 million years ago . They are the oldest human footprints found in the world . They belong to groups hunting for antelope or wildebeest at the same time . They were made by a male Homo erectus that may have been part of a hunting party . They were also found in sediment that had once been the shoreline


Palermo representatives are in Madrid to discuss a possible move . £ 29m-rated Dybala is wanted by a host of leading European clubs . Arsenal and Chelsea have been linked with the Argentine striker . Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has told Isco to be more defensive . Barcelona have been installed as the Champions League favourites . Napoli beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in UEFA Europa League sensation .


Whitney Fetters , from Putnam City , Oklahoma , turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures . She has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana . The 28-year-old Spanish teacher was fired after students told staff that the boy had photos of her .


This week 's talks on an Iranian nuclear deal framework are historic . The negotiations demonstrated diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic . Reporters resorted to ambushes to talk to officials ; negotiations were `` sometimes emotional and confrontational ''


Vincent Kompany reveals Sir Alex Ferguson tried to sign as a teenager . The Manchester City captain turned them down on the advice of his mum . Kompany has called on his team-mates to perform well at Old Trafford . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .


Bi apologizes on social media : `` My personal speech has led to grave social consequences '' Chinese TV star filmed cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong . Making disrespectful references to China 's leaders in public is still taboo .


Brazilian online store claims to be selling next season 's Chelsea kit . It has published pictures of the new home shirt with ` Bale 9 ' on the back . The images do n't have the Adidas emblem on , who make Chelsea 's kit .


binh and phuoc wagner of kingston, ontario were adopted by michael and johanne wagner around a year and a half ago from vietnam . the twins suffer from alagille syndrome, a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life . when phuoc needed a donor just a little more, their adoptive father michael chose her to receive his liver, which was


April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa . The day is widely seen as marking the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid . Using the #FreedomDay hashtag , people across the country and beyond took to Twitter to celebrate this year 's event .


Tomas Driukas , 25 , was arrested after paramedics were called to his home . His five-month-old daughter was taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital . Infant died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' , police said . The 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte , has been released on bail . Detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday .


Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans . Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne 's south-east after police were tipped off about an alleged terror plot . Sevdet Besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts . Another 18-year-old , from Hampton Park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing


Greece's Football Federation could be suspended from international competition over government interference. FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs. Greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a March AEK Athens-Olympiakos match.


Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night . The result saw a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit . But Porto fans gave their side a hero 's welcome on their return .


Tim Sherwood worked with Massimo Luongo at Tottenham Hotspur . Luongo has played a pivotal role in Swindon 's play-off bid in League One . Australian international was player of the tournament during Asian Cup .


Miss Wendy and owner Marc Métral put through to Semi Finals by panel . But viewers said act was ` cruel ' while RSPCA said it would work to ` ascertain what methods were used ' Cowell called act ` incredible ' - Amanda Holden said : ` You made TV history ' But similar act was seen on America 's Got Talent in United States in 2012 .


Man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in Harts Range , Northern Territory . He then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station . The 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car . Car had no front number plate , front bumper bar or working headlights . Vehicle may still have rear number plate which is SA-registered S145 AVI . Station is located 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in Northern Territory .


the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints . the school quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus . the school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression' the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer friday .


Labour 's reduction in stamp duty would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers . Tax break funded by squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to maintain properties . Labour would also give the buyers ` first call ' on half of homes built locally .


Man turned gun on himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood , California . He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride . Nobody else was injured in the shooting , which happened at 2:15 pm . Universal Studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds .


One-year-old baby Malaja was shot while riding in backseat of her parents ' car in Seattle suburb Thursday afternoon . Driver and passenger of passing car pulled up and opened fire on silver Chevy Impala carrying Malaja .


For years , the garden shed has been the domain of the man . But now women are demanding their own huts at the bottom of the garden . They come in an array of styles including beach huts and Tudor cottages .


Natasha Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games . The Liverpool-born 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women 's lightweight competition at London 2012 .


Mick Schumacher is making his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series. The 16-year-old will start 19th in the 38-car grid for the first race. Schumacher Junior will take part in two more races on Sunday.


Cesc Fabregas broke his nose during Chelsea's win against Stoke on Saturday. The Spaniard has since travelled to Milan to have the mask fitted. The mask was made by a Milan-based Ortholabsport and its craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni.


Love dislocated his left shoulder on Sunday during a tussle with Boston 's Kelly Olynyk . Olynyk 's right arm became entangled with Love 's left arm while his shoulder suddenly popped out . He grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where he iced his shoulder . ` I have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose , ' Love said .


Arsenal face Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. Francis Coquelin is confident he can show his potential as Arsenal's long-term midfield enforcer. The Frenchman has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season.


Engineers from Plymouth have developed a Human Powered Vehicle -LRB- HPV -RRB- They hope it will break the women 's arm-powered record in Nevada . Bike is made of lightweight aluminium and is steered using the rider 's head . Piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan , it needs to exceed 21.39 mph -LRB- 34.42 km/h -RRB- over 656ft -LRB- 200-metres -RRB- to beat the record .


A U.S. military official tells CNN the fall of Ramadi is `` not imminent '' Official in Ramadi says it 's unclear how long government forces can hold out there . He begs the Iraqi government for reinforcements and the U.S.-led coalition for airstrikes .


Kristy Peckham , the mother of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon , has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered . The single mum from North Queensland has spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair . Gordon 's criminal past was revealed by Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk . He resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament . Ms Peckham says she and


Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches . Ex-Bolton Wanderers forward is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp to fix matches . The 34-year-old also allegedly told a contact that some Football Conference teams would ` do ' a game in return for payment .


University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes ' statue come down . #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March . `` This is n't confronting history , this is erasing it , '' a protester says .


Barcelona cruised into UEFA Champions League semi-finals . Neymar and Andres Iniesta star men for Barca in 2-0 win over PSG . Paris Saint-Germain lost 5-1 on aggregate and must make smart transfers . Neymar has blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi .


Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month . The 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham . New Zealand international Reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at the Hammers .


Turkish authorities believe the family died of food poisoning. Other theories suggest the deaths may have been down to a possible gas leak. Father Kemal Zeyat, 19, had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul when he became a victim of the gas leak or food poisoning.


Peter Kelly , 34 , was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River . Levi Acre-Kendall , 19 , charged Friday with first-degree reckless homicide . Max sentence is 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . Kelly and friend were fishing on Minnesota side of river and heard swearing . Asked three men on Wisconsin side to be quiet and an argument ensued . Kelly and friend drove over to other side and the fatal stabbing occurred . Dead man , who volunteered as a high school wrestling coach in his spare time , leaves behind a wife and five children , all under the age of nine .


Poll of candidates asked them what were country 's biggest challenges . None from Labour named the deficit when survey by Ipsos Mori . Echoes Ed Miliband 's blunder when he forgot deficit in conference speech .


Qantas have been told they could lose their landing slots at Heathrow after arriving late. Australian airline could also be facing a £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.


Bruno Fernandez , 32 , has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger . Adriana Giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her . He has been dubbed the ` Majadahonda Ripper ' after police searched his home . Police found blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth . Neighbours have described


michelle o'clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband of six years . andrew, 36, had secretly moved in with philippa campbell, who lived 40 miles away . he went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while she was pregnant . he told her he had to leave their home because he was on witness protection . michelle said: 'i didn’t know how he was going to act and it all made sense'


Cleveland 's Variety Theater was a renowned rock venue that hosted the likes of Metallica , REM and Dead Kennedy 's . But as metal band Motorhead performed in 1984 , the ceiling cracked and plaster began to fall on to the audience . The gig was stopped and the theater was sealed off two years later - staying hidden from the public for 30 years . Now a photojournalist has ventured into the building , capturing eery photos that offer a glimpse into music history .


Tiger Woods was joined on the course at Augusta National Golf club by his young children and girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . Woods has returned to action following a self-imposed break from the sport to work on his game and recover from niggling injuries . He is bidding to win the 15th major of his career at this year 's Masters .


SpaceX founder Elon Musk : `` Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival '' This was the second attempt at historic rocket booster barge landing . Dragon spacecraft will head toward International Space Station on resupply mission .


ss sergeant oskar groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at auschwitz . groening, known as 'the bookkeeper of auschwitz', was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions . between may 16 and july 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were transported there .


Premier League champions have increased season ticket prices next term . Some disabled Manchester City supporters have seen their tickets rise by £ 345 to £ 975 . Supporters group claims the club are trying to force migration as part of a re-seating plan at the Etihad .


The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £ 2.1 million . But the defender has been on loan with St Etienne this season . The club have an option to make the deal permanent for £ 1.5 million . St Etienne will not take up an option to sign Norwich striker Ricky Van Wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .


gerard pique has praised barcelona's trio of luis suarez, lionel messi and neymar . pique says he has never seen a relationship like the trio's . barcelona face paris saint-germain in champions league quarter-final .


South Yarra apartments have been valued between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million by listing agents . Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up . After last year 's bitter disappointment Darren and Dea are hoping they ` ve created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like . Jellis Craig agent Andrew McCann is telling potential buyers to expect Darren and Deanne 's chic apartment


Tiny chihuahua Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins . He was taken to RSPCA rescue centre where he met new best friend Nero . The 9st mastiff is 120 times the size and eats his pal 's weight in pet food . Digby , who was perilously close to death , has taken on a new lease of life .


the password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers david byrne and charles henderson disclosed on wednesday . henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990 . hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it .


floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight on may 2 in las vegas, nevada . the pay-per-view price of the fight is set at $89.99 - $99.99 . it is anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like periscope or meerkat . if that were to happen, broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices .


Sky and US broadcasters could miss out on millions as viewers stream the content between their devices without paying. Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers. The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.


Kevin Pietersen is being urged to make the England selectors ` lives difficult . Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have both had their say on Pietersen 's chances of a return to the Test arena . The 34-year-old made 170 off 149 balls against MCC Universities Oxford on Sunday , at the start of Surrey 's three-day match against Oxford MCCU . Stewart is hoping Pietersen can


Sheree Morgan , 25 , and sister Sophie , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept thousands of pounds stolen from elderly couple . Morgan sisters allowed £ 17,500 to be put into their accounts during scam . Sheree recruited ex Daniel Webster , 23 , and her mother Justine Davies , 44 . But the conman who masterminded the scam originally has not been found .


police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at a suburban las vegas casino-resort created panic on easter sunday . authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound . one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries .


Clarence David Moore was serving a sentence for larceny when in June 1972 he escaped from North Carolina prison . Moore called sheriff 's office in Frankfort , Kentucky , Monday admitting he was a fugitive . The 66-year-old outlaw suffers from many ailments but has n't been able to seek medical treatment because he does n't have Social Security card or ID .


Three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released `` pending further enquiries , '' police say . Sevdet Besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . The other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court . The suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day -LRB- Australia and New Zealand


Paris Picnics offers made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps . Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online . Customers then select where and when they want their picnic delivered to .


django greenblatt-seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 ford taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest . greenblatt-seay used a drone to capture the cinematic effect before dramatically zooming in on the car's tires, headlights, dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial . perhaps the best effect of the ad is that it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 ford taurus commercial .


Rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player . Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in the Millers ' 1-0 win against Brighton . The defender is on loan from Derby but was not involved in the defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday . The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel .


Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but its stores will not stock it . Online consumers must shell out $ 549 and then wait for a June delivery . Analysts believe Apple feared lines for the new device outside their stores may have been embarrassingly small . However , it is believed Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .


Memorial display at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of Patrick Sondheimer . He tried to break down the cockpit door to stop co-pilot Andreas Lubitz from crashing the plane . Mr Sonquister , 36 , spent up to five minutes trying to smash his way into the cockpit using an axe . The father-of-two tried in vain to save the lives of the 144 passengers and five crew


Julieane Jablonski , 38 , was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness . Austin Essig , 19 , jumped out of a third-story window ` without hesitation ' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie . The alleged victim in the case took to the police 's Facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie .


Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor on Saturday (3pm kick-off) Dean Marney and Kevin Long are both still out. Laurent Koscielny and Wojciech Szczesny are both fit. Laurent Koscielny is hoping to pass a fitness test and feature in the Gunners defence.


Xabi Alonso won UEFA Champions League with Liverpool and Real Madrid . He scored the vital equaliser for the Reds in his first season at the club . The Spaniard was in Real Madrid 's triumphant side last season . Clarence Seedorf won with Ajax , Real Madrid and twice with AC Milan . Bayern suffered 3-1 quarter-final first leg defeat against Porto . Thiago Motta has also won European trophy with two different clubs .


Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima . The barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens . This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds . The research was carried out by scientists at the University of South Carolina including biologist Dr Tim Mousseau .


Larry McElroy shot his 74-year-old mother-in-law Carol Johnson on Sunday . Johnson was sat inside her mobile home 100-yards away from McElroy .


Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County this season . The former England striker is out of contract at Villa Park in June . Bent has revealed discussions have taken place with the club . The 31-year-old praised Tim Sherwood , who he knows from Tottenham .


jennifer bush, now 27, spoke out for the first time on wednesday, 19 years after her mother kathy bush was accused of deliberately making her sick . kathy was arrested in 1995 after a health care worker reported that she gave her daughter extra doses of medicine . kathy's lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a syndrome that causes people to enact pain in order to draw attention to themselves .


ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry suspended for one week from network . She berated an Advanced Towing employee after her car was towed from a Chinese restaurant in Arlington , Virginia , on April 6 . Insulted the woman 's looks , education and job . ` Lose some weight , baby girl , ' McHenry said as she walked away . McHenry apologized Thursday after security footage surface online . Said it was ` an intense and stressful ' situation .


Three BA flights into Heathrow were diverted in just over 24 hours . One flight from Baku , Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to the airport . A medical emergency saw a flight from Luanda diverted to Paris . Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning .


Jaap Stam 's son , Jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . Roy Keane would probably feel Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself , according to Keane . Keane insists that a footballer should ` always look after No 1 ' The 20-year-old has ambitions not just to


Catherine Gerhardt reached out to competitors and received a nasty response. She then taught the children to ignore, Communicate and Exit. Ms Gerhardt says the bullies are frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go.


The film is expected to gross $ 115 million or more . Paul Walker died in a car crash during filming . `` Furious 7 '' poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so far .


Paul Gregory said he could only walk 200 metres in blue badge application . However , council staff noticed 51-year-old in newspaper report after hike . Article described Gregory as an ` experienced walker ' on a three-day trek . Gregory fined £ 795 after admitting to dishonestly obtaining a blue badge .


Danny Welbeck met up with Sportsmail 's Martin Keown . Welbeck thanks fans and staff for making him so welcome at Arsenal . Former Manchester United striker talks about scoring at Old Trafford . Welbeck wants to be a striker , but says playing on the wing is easier in a front three than when part of a midfield four . Arsenal take on Reading at Wembley on Saturday evening .


Villagers in Ansai , central China , spent £ 1,000 digging new 46m well . But when they pumped water to surface they said they could smell petrol . Discovered that the water is so badly polluted that it can be set on fire . Blamed leak at local petrol station , but owner has denied he is to blame .


Once heard on stage , in the street and at work , whistling is on the decline . End of variety shows , working class jobs and rise of mobiles contributed . Poll shows 70 percent heard more whistling twenty or thirty years ago . Popular in The Life of Brian and 1980s pop songs , now the whistle is out .


Darren Gough was Kevin Pietersen 's best man and is a close friend of his . Pietersen has rejoined Surrey , hoping to earn a place in the Ashes squad . But Gough believes there is still only a slim chance of an England return . Gough competes in the Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge this summer .


One in five NSW families have admitted to sedating their children before a long road trip . The over the counter drug Phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies . It contains a sedative called promethazine which is widely known to cause breathing problems in young children . The medical community claim the sedatives should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory


Danish scientists studied ice hidden under the surface of Mars . Dust is thought to be covering huge glaciers on the surface . And the researchers say there is more water-ice than anticipated . If spread out it would cover the surface in 3.6 ft -LRB- 1.1 metres -RRB- of ice .


comedian rik mayall died suddenly aged 56 last june . probate records reveal he had no will - even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 . his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife .


Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi 's palace . Comes as Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak . Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes , official said . Elsewhere , the advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden .


Tara and Gavin Hills , from Kanata , Canada , have been anti-vaxxers for six years . After hearing of a massive measles outbreak at Disneyland earlier this year , they started looking at information from government agencies and reputable health organizations . The Hills ` three eldest children were partially vaccinated , but the four youngest got no shots at all , leaving them vulnerable . Mrs Hills wrote


larry reid was arrested about 12:40 p.m. monday on u.s. highway 95 near boulder city, nevada . he was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol . the nevada senator's office confirmed that larry reid is the democrat's brother, saying only that it is 'a private matter' .


Ella May Rudd left a scathing review on Facebook for the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown , Maryland after 10 visits to fix a leak . Co-owner Kyle Kandrick told her husband Rudd had ` personally attacked him ' on Facebook and that he needed to ` deal with it before I deal with it ' The mother-of-two said she confronted Kandrick after the voicemail and said ` My husband will not handle me at all ' Rudd said the franchise 's president told her he could n't fire Kandrick because he 's a co-owner of the franchise .


Yulia Simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill Damian Vanya . The 15-year-old was dumped by the music teacher after he dumped her for a classmate . Simonova wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ' him . A secret camera filmed the exchange in the city of Shatura , near Moscow . She said she wanted him to


Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . Where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena . In this , the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , I look back on one of the greatest sporting events of alltime .


It has been eight years since an English club triumphed in the European Champions Cup . Despite four English teams in this year 's quarter-finals , that hoodoo looks set to persist . English clubs are nowhere near as well-resourced as French clubs . In a World Cup year , it would be a huge boost to national morale if English clubs could progress further into the competition .


Rickie Fowler responded to online troll who abused his girlfriend . Bikini model Alexis Randock had posted a photo on her Instagram account . Randock was pictured on the beach alongside her sister Nicole . A troll called ` fatalsplash ' then accused Alexis of being a ` gold digger ' Fowler told the hater to ` get your facts straight ' following comment .


Bronze buckle and whistle from AD 600 found in Cape Espenberg . But bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska . Scientists believe artefacts were created in China , Korea or Yakutia . Site may have been home to ` Birnirk ' culture , whose people travelled on both sides of the Bering Strait .


Khalid Saeed Batarfi was freed from a Yemeni prison by al-Qaeda this week . Terrorist commander was today pictured inside Mukalla governor 's palace . He was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an AK-47 . Batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .


Dr Christopher Valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic . He was hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . His behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics . However , the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-n naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out .


Sawyer Sweeten played across from his twin brother and their sister as the children of Ray and Patricia Barone . Report : Sweeten was visiting family in Texas and is believed to have shot himself .


Former journalist Amanda Goff has spoken out about her life as an escort . In a tell all book the mother of two revealed the abuse she was faced with . She told the world about her X-rated career on national television . Since then she 's received a combination of hate and kindness from mothers , people in the sex industry and those aspiring to be sex workers . Ms Goff charges clients $ 800 an hour or $ 5,000 a night for her time .


Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.


John Elder and Armin Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed through horror pictures . Wegner used secret mail routes to sneak images out but was caught by German police and sent to cholera ward . Helped build case against Turkish government which still denies killing of up to 1.5 million Armenians was genocide . As world marks 100 years since the atrocities many Western governments including the US still do not use the word .


iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design. The company claims its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn. The frequencies iRobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol.


London-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike . Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . Crispin Sinclair is seeking £ 50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo . Bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .


Manuel Delisle allegedly threatened a family with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage after the family attempted to follow him to record his license plate . Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children . After the video was posted to Facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views .


The Todd family died sometime between March 28 and April 6 . Rodney Todd , 36 , lived in the Princess Anne , Maryland home with his seven children , aged six to 15 . The six-hour funeral brought 1,200 people together to pay their respects . Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep after a power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home . Todd had bought a generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm .


Cobbles will be lifted from their current place , cut in half and relaid again . The paving stones run alongside the 19th century Bristol Floating Harbour . Council tested technique on small area and had ` overwhelming ' support . Bristol Industrial Archaeological Society claim it will change appearance .


Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger. The woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride. She alleged that she eventually woke up in Fohounhedo's apartment as he was having sex with her.


Ronnie O ` Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match . The five-time world champion was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel . Marteel warned him about his behaviour towards the end of the afternoon session . Stevens missed a red in the second round match at the Crucible .


Dennis Sears edited his will to leave everything to carer Nermin Kancefer . Included three-bed riverside flat in Surrey and £ 400,000 in shares and cash . Family challenged the will but agreed a settlement due to high legal costs . The carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , his family claimed .


New model accurately predicted patients ' progression from HIV to AIDS . Inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms such as the highly damaging ` Conficker ' worm , first detected in 2008 . Model found early treatment is key to staving off AIDS .


harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since 1997 . researchers from lancaster university scanned the brains of participants as they read passages from the collection . they found common use of 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain associated with emotion . study found 'arousing words' also affected parts of the brain involved in decision-making .


Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad . They are members of the `` Bali Nine '' for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot . Lawyers for the pair argued President Joko Widodo had failed to individually consider their cases .


Dave King faces a challenge to convince the SFA he is a ` fit and proper ' person to be chairman of Rangers . The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles . Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders .


Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 . The elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in central Florida . Some will live their lives out there while others will be used for breeding .


Valencia beat Levante 3-0 in the La Liga derby in Valencia on Monday night. Paco Alcacer scored the only goal of the game in the 16th minute. Atletico Madrid are second on 66 points after drawing 2-2 with Malaga.


glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence for the rts,s vaccine . the vaccine took 30 years to develop and cost £330million . rts,s is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials . protection waned over time and boosters did not work as well . world health organisation could recommend its use by october .


Qatar Airways flight was due to land in Manchester Airport at 7 pm Monday . But pilots severe winds meant pilots were forced to divert to Birmingham . Plane spent five hours on tarmac as it waited for refuelling and new crew . Police were called twice after ` disruptive ' passengers tried to disembark . Meanwhile , video shows angry passengers delayed at Manchester airport .


Witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under the lorry. Today's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year. Met Police said officers were called by paramedics at about 9.33am and the cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road.


norway is slated to become the first country in the world to phase out radio entirely . radio will be phased out region by region starting in january 2017 .


Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch -LRB- HER -RRB- a lesbian dating app . Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters . Josh is now seeking a five million dollar investment . How to Be a Young Billionaire follows three young British adults .


SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying a cargo spacecraft. The company failed to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time. SpaceX hopes to eventually land rockets on the ground.


Attachment was originally devised as part of an April Fool 's joke . But the LA-based firm has now announced it is making the case a reality . Called Smart Boy , it attaches to a phone and works with existing cartridges . Price and release details have not yet been announced .


faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia . footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread .


callum butler was born at just 25 weeks into his mother amanda's pregnancy . he weighed just 1lb 9oz and his mother and doctors feared he would die . she was later told an infection she had, called bacterial vaginosis, was to blame . bv affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush . if untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and premature birth .


chloe knapton was driving home from a night out in holmfirth, west yorkshire . she came across a bike lying across the road and stopped to move it . as she left the car, a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle . he hurled abuse at the girl, before walking up to her car and smashing it . impact caused glass to shatter all over her face, neck and shoulders . the glass bottle even became embedded in her neck .


ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1, 1964, and september 18, 1996, last month . la-sonya mitchell-clark, 38, of youngstown, finally got the answers she's wanted almost her whole life . she looked up her mother's name, francine simmons, on facebook and found out she worked at infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at .


Russian network Dozhd TV gave Hillary Clinton's video an 18 rating. It features two men holding hands in a video about the future of the U.S. The inclusion of the segment has won widespread support, and highlights Clinton's own stand on equality.


Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the Iron Man suit after watching the hit film with his brother. He spent six months researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and a power backpack.


Poll reveals how Britons consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . Almost a third of women turn to tea to make them feel better when unwell . Survey of 2,000 Britons found tea-drinking habits increase as we get older .


Harry Redknapp made his pitchside return at Arsenal vs Liverpool . Former Tottenham boss was a pundit for live broadcast on BT Sport .


Former AFL star Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park. Cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up. The former West Coast Eagles captain surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station.


Rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save the melon-headed whales . The creatures have mysteriously beached about 60 miles northeast of Tokyo . They are usually found deep in the sea but may have got lost . Scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach . Some were being pushed back onto the beach by the tide soon after being released .


Teresa James, 40, believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996. Teeth whitening is the most popular cosmetic procedure in Britain.


isa richardson, 46, ordered to pay £20 after intimidating youngster . homeless richardson claimed she needed money because car had broken down . youngster told police she felt intimidated and had no choice but to hand over cash . richardson is a well-known character in maidstone, kent, with a history of begging .


Hannah Wilson , 22 , was last seen in Bloomington at about 1 am on Friday . A missing persons report regarding the Gamma Phi Beta sorority member was filed Friday afternoon . Police found Wilson 's body in Needmore , more than 20 miles from campus . She died after being struck in the back of the head multiple times by an unknown object . Daniel Messel , 49 , of Bloomington was arrested and is facing a preliminary charge of murder . The connection between Messel and Wilson has not been revealed by police .


Robyn Exton launched Dattch a dating app for lesbians, bisexual and curious women. The 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend. She decided to create her own app when the ones that were available weren't up to the job.


Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama . This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor . Executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the ` last bastion of Englishness ' He said the show ` would n't work ' if there was racial diversity among its cast .


Jack Grealish impressed as Aston Villa beat Liverpool at Wembley . A Villa fan , Grealish helped the club reach their first final since 2000 . The 19-year-old wears his socks down to show he is not afraid of tackles . Grealish 's great-great grandfather , Billy Garraty , won the FA Cup in 1905 . Tim Sherwood : Grealish must focus on Aston Villa not international future . READ : Grealish to decide international future at end of season .


Round four of the 2015 Formula One season takes place at the Sakhir Circuit for the Bahrain Grand Prix . Bahrain was the first country from the middle-east to hold a world championship grand prix in 2004 . Fernando Alonso is the most successful driver in Sakhir having won three times in the desert . Lewis Hamilton looks for second win in Bahrain in bid to make it three out of four victories in 2015 season . CLICK HERE for all the latest F1 news .


Teacher Aaron Galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic . When he got home , he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction . Steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu confessed


`` Joni was found unconscious in her home -LRB- Tuesday -RRB- afternoon , '' her website says . `` She regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital , '' it says . Mitchell , 71 , was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 .


Adidas go app uses the phone 's accelerometer to monitor the user 's stride . It then automatically plays tracks with matching beats per minute . Songs are also selected based on the runner 's musical interests . These selections become more relevant the more the app is used .


Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her crib . A ` safety ridge ' cut off oxygen supply to her brain , West Sussex coroner heard . The Bednest Bedside cot is designed to be placed next to a parent 's bed . It has a moveable panel on one side which can be folded down , leaving a ridge just 7cm high


From today , emoji will now work within hashtags on Instagram . Users add them to posts , search on Explore tab and tap them in captions . Hashtags work with single and multiple emoji , as well as with text . App has also added three new filters called Lark , Reyes and Juno .


bbc accused of launching a left-wing stitch-up on david cameron on radio 1 . host chris smith was accused of being hostile towards the pm . at one point he bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority . twitter users branded interview 'disgusting' and 'leftist hostility' .


Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one like them . Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality ' The 31-year-old said she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child . She said : ` Women that I speak to , there 's just nothing there for them to relate to '


The great grey owl was pictured swooping on the tiny rodent in Ontario , Canada , by a wildlife photographer . With soft feathers and heightened hearing , the bird is known as a deadly predator of mice and other small animals . It stalked its prey from snowy treetops before swooping down on it , unheard until the very last minute .


Martha , aged 10 , had been paddling in the water when she was swept out . Her owner launched their own rescue but was unable to grab the pet . RNLI eventually found the golden retriever who was cold and shivering . Brought her back to the shore after managing to grab her by the collar .


James Schoenfeld who kidnapped 26 children and their school bus driver in Chowchilla nearly 40 years ago was granted parole on Wednesday . Schoenfeld , 24 at the time , his brother , Richard , and a friend , Fred Woods , were convicted of the 1976 caper . The kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom . They kept the children ` buried alive ' in trailer that had been buried into a hillside while they negotiated a ransom . Parole date has not yet been set and the decision could take months .


The BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle. The two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them. The two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers.


sherrell dillion from benefits street has won a place in top model of colour . single mother-of-two says she has nowhere to live after mice infestation . sherrell, who starred alongside white dee, says she feels happy for her .


Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday . Pep Guardiola 's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga . Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass and ended up falling over . The former Liverpool midfielder has his hands on the ground .


Huntley High School in Huntley , Illinois , offers a blended learning program . It allows students to combine online learning with in-person teacher instruction .


Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko . Mauricio Pochettino has admitted his scouts are working behind the scenes . Tottenham are also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas .


Shoccara Marcus was diagnosed with cancer in 2011 and returned to her childhood home in Atlanta, Georgia. A dancer since she was four years old, she returned to her family's Atlanta, Georgia home to begin living with her father. In Choreographing My Past, Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation.


Borussia Dortmund host Bayern Munich on Saturday at Signal Iduna Park . Teams contest Germany 's biggest domestic game , Der Klassiker . But little is riding on it with Bayern Munich cruising to Bundesliga title . Dortmund hope home win will keep them in shout of Europa League spot .


intelligence agencies like the cia, nsa, and national counterterrorism center hire therapists to help analysts cope with the trauma they experience . the analysts watch violent videos and pornography to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned . the content analysts watch is often violent, but it's 'mostly' pornography .


rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz, northern poland . the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection . vet lucyna kuziel-zawalich took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital .


Six Leeds players withdrew from squad for Saturday 's match with Charlton . Manager Neil Redfearn described the events as ` freakish ' ahead of defeat . Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry says it is ` disgraceful ' behaviour . Cherry wants to see the six players involved sacked by Leeds .


Holder took a victory lap in his farewell speech , claiming credit for overseeing a ` golden age ' of federal law enforcement . No mention of being held in criminal Contempt of Congress for failing to hand over subpoenaed documents related to the Operation Fast and Furious scandal . Standing-room-only crowd rushed to embrace him after his final address . Loretta Lynch , a Brooklyn-N.Y. federal prosecutor , is Holder 's replacement .


peter kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend . the two men heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side of the river and asked them to quieten down . for the next three hours, kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers . the argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed kelly in the chest .


"sopranos" creator david chase reveals details of famous final scene . chase: "the tension is quite high now, but if you think about it, for no real reason" chase didn't reveal whether series protagonist tony soprano lives or dies .


Thief entered Lloyds bank in New Milton , Hampshire before threatening cashier staff . The man , whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages , then fled . Police say a 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .


dubai is a melting pot of decadence in the middle east with year-round sunshine, some of the best hotels on the planet, and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card . despite the restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to define dubai as a holiday destination . but the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - a-listers including emily blunt, cate blanchett, lily allen, karl lagerfeld and sarah jessica parker .


Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig at UFC Fight Night in New Jersey . The strawweight clash will take place at the Prudential Center . Herrig was clearly riled during the traditional staredown in Times Square . The 21-year-old is bidding to become the UFC 's youngest champion .


Chipotle has been leaving customers hungry for certain ingredients unsatisfied because not enough farms can meet its strict standards. The fast-casual chain, which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year, removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat.


Lee Joon-seok had sentence extended from 36 years to life in jail . Judge ruled his actions were ` homicide by willful negligence ' He was one of the first rescued and never ordered evacuation . Most victims of the Sewol disaster were high school students . Follows protests from victims families who are calling for ship to be raised .


Two neuroscientists have conducted brain imaging to examine moments of clarity . Sudden `` insights '' are otherwise known as `` Eureka '' or `` Aha '' moments . We can increase our chance of these insights with a variety of daily changes .


Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night . Real beat Atletico 4-1 aet in the Champions League final last season . Atletico are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this season against their rivals .


gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru's cotahuasi valley . each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha .


'n' was just 11 when glam rocker glitter snared her in vietnam in 2006 . now 21, she tells mailonline how she still suffers flashbacks of abuse . 'i cry out in my sleep almost every night. i dream that it is happening again' n was one of two young girls glitter was convicted of abusing .


netflix has ordered a "full house" reunion and spinoff series . candace cameron bure will play d.j. tanner in the spinoff . the show will be available next year .


sawyer sweeten was a child star on the sitcom "everybody loves raymond" he committed suicide early thursday, his sister says .


The snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in Shepton Mallet , Somerset , illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face . Ironically the pet cat 's name is Mouse . The pictures were taken by the cat 's owner Jason Bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome .


Porters are carrying passengers ` luggage up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station , in north-west Prague , from 5am to 10pm every day , free of charge . New metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital-but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase . That means porters are left to carry passengers ` heavy bags .


Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday . Jan Oblak kept a clean sheet in the first half of the game . The 22-year-old cost $ 16million -LRB- # 11.5 m -RRB- and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper . He was already Slovenia 's number one when he left Benfica in the summer . Atletsico have not scored in the Champions


Jesse Willesee, son of TV veteran Terry, was arrested at Sydney Town Hall on Monday. He was protesting against the use of cannabis in the CBD. His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posed in provocative images on Instagram.


Toulon reached the Champions Cup semi finals with win against Wasps . But , Bernard Laporte 's men were underwhelmed by their performance . French side had Frederic Michalak and Ali Williams late try to thank . Toulon will host Leinster at Marseille 's Stade Velodrome on April 19 .


Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences . Researchers claim that being exposed to sarcasm required more ` cognitive complexity ' , or the ability to see things from more than one angle .


Sweet Cakes by Melissa in Oregon found to have discriminated against lesbian couple by refusing them wedding cake in January 2013 . Melissa and Aaron Klein ordered to pay fine that they say will ` ruin ' them . Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel said to have suffered emotional distress from case , which prompted death threats . Fine of $ 135,000 may be increased or decreased by state labor head . Fundraising page for bakery raised $ 100,000 before it was shut it down . Bakers said ` Satan 's really at work ' and urged donations on Christian site .


Peter Alliss claims gender equality laws have ` b ******* up the game ' Broadcaster also claims the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage . 2016 Open will be the last to be broadcast live on the BBC before Sky Sports take over . Alliss insisted he could not work for Sky .


SPOILER ALERT : Maid gives birth to baby on Sunday 's episode . Only announced she was pregnant with Poldark 's baby last week .


Tommy Thompson , 62 , led an 1988 expedition to the SS Central America . Ship sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold . Allegedly failed to share profits with investors and went on the run . Pair now facing jail after pleading guilty to contempt of court in Ohio .


sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the fbi had informed him of the investigation's results . robert bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris on april 2 . bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted .


Thai Airways subsidiary unveils colorful new livery for `` Adventure Time '' Airbus A320 features Jake , Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum . The inaugural flight takes place on April 4 , heading from Bangkok to Phuket . Thai Smile is a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways .


US network HBO has pledged to cut off Aussies who access their shows . HBO has warned users via email they will deactivate accounts on April 21 . The service offers popular TV shows including Games of Thrones and Girls . Hundreds who use Getflix , Unlock.us or UnoTelly will be affected .


Mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can actually be incredibly distressing. The pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are significantly affected. A sudden-onset chronic issue in a previously healthy person does need proper assessment, and referral to a specialist certainly seems appropriate.


Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup sixth round replay at Ewood Park . Mamadou Sakho limped off heavily and clutching his hamstring . Kolo Toure replaced the French defender after 28 minutes . Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are already unavailable .


Sky Sports ` drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield , the home nations international Under 16 tournament . The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list , including more foreign opposition . Sky say that their recommendations , including shortening the time between games , would have


Scientists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich modelled the probability of extreme weather events being caused by human activity . They found humans are to blame for the worst heatwaves and floods today . Conclusion was made by comparing levels pre and post industrial times . Experts warn storms will grow more common as global temperatures rise .


Eden Hazard scored in Chelsea 's 2-1 home win against Stoke City . The Belgium playmaker also claimed an assist by setting up Loic Remy . Hazard wants to bring the Premier League trophy to Stamford Bridge . The Blues are currently seven points ahead of second-placed Arsenal .


Edinho has been hired as coach of the second division side . Rivaldo currently serves as Mogi Mirim 's president . Edinho is the son of Brazilian legend Pele . He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence .


Kevin Morton gave his son a strong painkiller, a court heard. The father admitted giving his son the painkiller because he was feeling unwell. Kye Backhouse, 13, was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria.


Angie Donohue revealed how her husband tried to have her killed . Daryl Scott Donohue first tried to hire a hit man to ` take care of her ' Donohue was caught convicted of inciting murder and stalking . He then continued to plot her murder from behind bars . An inmate who was approached by Donohue went to police with information on how the prisoner tried to pay him to kill his wife . Donohue was charged again and hit with an extra seven year sentence . He is reportedly trying to appeal the second conviction .


`` Amy : The Girl Behind the Name '' is set for UK release on July 3 . The teaser features early footage of Winehouse talking about her music career . Winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during her career . A U.S. . release date for the film has yet to be announced .


The drone is sparking terrorism concerns , authorities say . It was equipped with a bottle containing radioactive material . It was discovered as a court approved a plan to restart two Japanese nuclear reactors .


Rory McIlory was joined on the course by Niall Horan for Par-3 Contest . The One Direction star suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying McIlroy 's clubs during the round on Wednesday . McIlroy shot a one-under-par round to finish in a tie for 16th .


The actress was woken up the morning of June 8 by a strange sound . She walked around her home and found a stalker fan had broken in . Bullock then locked herself in her closet , which has a safe door for security , and called police . On Thursday , accused intruder Joshua Corbett had a hearing in LA court . During the hearing , Bullock 's emotional call to police was played . A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence to put Corbett on trial for stalking and breaking into Bullock 's home .


Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat . Research carried out by Forsa Institute found attitudes are changing among younger generation . They now think of themselves as victims of Hitler and his Nazi Regime .


Thieves raided supermarkets and electrical shops during 55-day spree . Four-man gang used pink umbrellas for disguise and fled in getaway cars . They also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers . Liam Bell , 19 , Marcus Morgan , 21 , Ashleigh Evans , 26 and 22-year-old Trea Richardson , all from West Midlands , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob .


Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter . He is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser . A judge grants Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation . The family of Eric Harris , the man Bates killed , says the decision sends a message of apathy .


Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage . The split helped pave the way for the U.S. . Supreme Court to take up a case on Tuesday . Critics call the opinion an outlier and do n't believe it will carry much weight . `` Judge Sutton 's opinion stands alone , '' says legal director of Lambda Legal ,


The Dalny Vostok was carrying an international crew of 132. It sank while carrying an international crew of 132 at 4am local time. At least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation.


Officers posted pictures of Lego models on their Facebook page . Part of campaign by police in Edinburgh to raise awareness of crime . It follows a 38.7 per cent rise in break-ins in the 12 months to April 2014 . But publicity stunt has been met with criticism from politicians and victims .


Xavier Denamur claims most dishes in French bistro are n't made on site . He said seven in ten meals are factory-made then reheated in microwave . Signs that France 's crown as top culinary destination in world is slipping . French ministers admitted scheme to introduce a homemade label failed .


Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia after tests on Thursday confirmed he suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain. Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg at the Parc des Princes after tangling with PSG midfielder Javier Pastore.


Manchester City defeated West Ham 2-0 in the Premier League on Sunday . Sam Allardyce was seen ranting at fourth official during game at the Etihad . Hammers boss explained he was frustrated that referee Anthony Taylor missed Eliaquim Mangala 's foul on Stewart Downing .


Volcano already has erupted twice this week . It has spewed ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches in some places , Chilean officials say . Authorities issue an alert for two towns , and there 's a 12-mile exclusion zone .


Search engine reveals top 10 questions asked by viewers during debate . Voters wanted to know why David Cameron did not take part in contest . Also wanted to know how hold Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon are .


Glenn Murray was man of the match and scored fifth goal in five games . Midfielder James McArthur also put in a superb , full hearted performance . Manuel Pellegrini 's time is surely up after another disappointing defeat . CLICK HERE to read Neil Ashton 's match report .


Brittany Huber , 23 , was killed on impact when fiance John Redman , 25 , lost control of his Lexus in Georgia April 28 , 2014 . The couple were heading to Alabama where they were set to get married May 3 . Redman suffered head trauma and multiple broken bones , and was told by his doctors he would likely spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair . The fiance only found out about Brittany 's death a month later . Redman regained his ability to walk and resumed coaching at Dalton State College . On March 24 , he helped lead his team to its first championship title .


The armed robbery took place at a service station in Watervale on Monday . A man dressed in female clothing strolled into the store at 7.30 pm . He walked to the counter and produced a fake machine gun from a bag . Staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in the bag . Other customers were in the store , however no one was injured .


Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career . The Portuguese did it in just 288 appearances for the Spanish club . Ronaldo is chasing down Alfredo Di Stefano 's 307 and Raul 's 323 totals for Real . James Rodriguez doubled their lead as Real beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga . Barcelona sit top of the table but second-placed Real cut the gap to four points . Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal Ronaldo 's ` incredible ' yellow card for diving .


Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers .


Thomas Hoey Jr. , 43 , was sentenced to 12.5 years Wednesday on charges of conspiracy to distribute cocaine , perjury and obstruction of justice . Plead guilty in August that he ` refused to call for help ' in 2009 when sex partner Kimberly Caho , 41 , began seizing from snorting his coke . The mother-of-two died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . Hoey continued supplying cocaine to friends at wild parties after her death . Hoey also admitted he coerced his other sex partner that night , Nicole Zobkiw , into lying about what happened to a grand jury . ` Cocaine distribution was integral to his lifestyle of sex and parties , ' judge said . Hoey ` used his wealth to fund a life in which his own pleasure was at the center '


Steve Spowart rescued his friend 's horses stranded in deep storm water by paddling out to them on a surfboard . The animals were in flooded fields near Dungog , in the NSW Hunter region . One of the horses was caught in barbed wire and became startled as Mr Spowart tried to free it . Dungog is one of the areas hardest hit in the state by what 's being called the storm of the century . Three people have died in the severe weather and four houses were washed away .


Wembley hosted two FA Cup semi-finals over the weekend . Arsenal defeated Championship Reading 2-1 after extra-time to reach final . Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke scored as Aston Villa beat Liverpool .


Josh Darnbrough , 24 , passed out at a friend 's party and woke up with a hangover . His friend Rob Gaskell , also 24 , had tattooed the words ` If found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a DIY kit . Rob said he carried out the practical joke in revenge for a tattoo Josh did on Rob 's leg two years ago - which had gone horribly wrong .


The school girls , aged between 16 and 18 , undergo a five-day intensive knife-fighting course to learn self defence . The students are being trained by a former special forces soldier called Inspector Tan who supervises the drills . The 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School purchased 250 knives - with plastic retractable blades for safety . However , Instructor Tan said following his course the girls will be able to defend themselves even with chopsticks .


Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson jumped on the revelations Jarret Stoll was arrested in a drugs bust last week. Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California during the offseason.


The tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band . It appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 Sgt Pepper 's artwork . It was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover . The cardboard garden ornament sold at auction for a surprising £ 29,000 .


Newcastle loanee Shan Ferguson finally joined up with Rangers this week . Ferguson has not played since Northern Ireland beat Greece last October . Ibrox boss Stuart McCall checked Ferguson 's Wikipedia page on Monday . Rangers travel to take on bottom-of-the-table Livingston on Wednesday .


arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide . they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced . the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in schenectady, new york . since 2007, cap has put about $1 million toward research happening in other states to increase the supply of water in the colorado river system .


douglas murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic in brooklyn . he bumped his ankle against a bin bag, scraping the skin . the cut became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . surgeons were preparing to amputate mr murphy's right leg . but as they were printing out paperwork, antibiotics began to show signs of working .


Grenada is known as the ` Island of Spice ' , and is full of foodie flavours . Celebrity chef Rosemary Shrager spent a week on the Caribbean island . Favourite local dishes include goat 's cheese and salt fish fritters .


Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday . Neymar , Dani Alves and Adriano all started for Barcelona . Jeremy Mathieu scored the winning goal after 73 minutes .


poll by insurer direct line found parking charges top the list of most-loathed fees and charges . 48% thought they should be free, while 31% said they are too high . also high up on the list are atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel .


A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people 's likes and breaking down winners by county . The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox , who come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of fans . The New York Mets and Oakland Athletics did not win one single county .


chelsea manning appears to have joined twitter . she is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents .


Jeanetta Riley , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was shot and killed by two police officers on July 8 , 2014 in Sandpoint , Idaho . She was addicted to meth and alcohol and was taken to Bronner General Hospital by her husband , Shane , after making threats to kill herself . While outside of the hospital , she pulled the knife from under her car seat with a three-and-a-half inch blade . In the video she is repeatedly told to put down the knife but responds ` f *** you no ' and ` bring it on ' before she walks towards officers and is shot . National Suicide Prevention Lifeline , 1 -LRB-800-RRB- 273-8255 , www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org .


Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round of the MCE British Superbike Championship. The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. In doing so, he headed off the close attentions of James Ellison on the JG Speedfit Kawasaki by just 0.029secs.


"furious 7" is poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date . it will easily beat the $121.9 million launch of "the hunger games mockingjay — part 1" "furious 7" is getting the widest release in universal's history .


Crystal Palace co-chairman Steve Parish described a 'great moment' as he basked in the glory of his club's 2-1 win over champions Manchester City. Parish posed for a picture at Selhurst Park with Palace manager Alan Pardew, England boss Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman - one of the original members of The Rolling Stones.


Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds. Both clubs have a history of fan trouble but Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club, council or police. Cardiff have thrown their support behind a fans' boycott of the game.


Lord Fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn Trollope 's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV . The novel tells the story of Doctor Thomas Thorne , who lives in the village of Greshamsbury in Barsetshire with his beautiful niece , Mary .


Julian Fellowes to give unique insight into his inspiration for Lord (Johnny) Johnson. Visitors to the festival, sponsored by the Daily Mail, will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from last surviving British Dambuster George 'Johnny' Johnson.


LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP at the end of the season . Cleveland Cavaliers small forward scored 21 points in 104-99 victory against Milwaukee . James has impressed on his return to Cleveland after four years with Miami Heat . The Cavs have secured the Central Division title and will be No 2 seed in the Eastern Conference .


Leslie Roy , 52 , and Lee Wright , 56 , had been visiting relatives in Michigan when on April 11 their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on remote road . SUV lost power and they had no cell phone service to call for help . Roy and Wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s . Survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies , a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow . Helicopter pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer Friday and rescued the trapped women .


Polish Prince Jan Zylinski has challenged UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel . In a video , Zylinski says he is sick of Poles being discriminated against in Britain .


John Elder and Armin T . Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5 million Armenians constituted genocide . The images were taken in 1915 just before the mass deportation of Armenians to the desert had begun . Hundreds of thousands were forced from their homes in Anatolia and herded


St Mary 's Hospital in London is the first choice of venue for the royal baby . But hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby in case she goes into labour . Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace . The 33-year-old may visit her parents in Bucklebury , Berkshire , this week . Or she could opt to stay at


Man proposes to his girlfriend in front of the food counter . She quickly says ` Yes ' and they engage in a passionate embrace . Woman was wearing her McDonald 's uniform when he proposed .


Bookmakers Coral have Sue Perkins as favourite to replace ousted Clarkson . She is evens to take the job behind X-Factor presenter Dermot O'Leary on 2-1 . BBC sacked Clarkson after he hit Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in public .


snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past . she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday . 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous in a fuchsia column dress .


Man is seen swaying and then barging into a 63-year-old outside Aintree . The man stumbles and then falls backwards to the floor into the road . Onlookers helped and he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising . Police confirmed that the 34-year-old perpetrator in the video has come forward and been interviewed under caution for the alleged assault .


Tom Lineham scored two interception tries as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8. Lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month. Jamie Shaul was the only Hull player to score a try.


Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam 's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par . The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration . The New Zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year .


Retired chief executive René Dee watched his wife Eileen, 68, slip away. She had been battling cancer when she caught the infection. She died five days later after suffering a fatal infection.


Right-wing groups want court to let them sue the IRS in a class-action lawsuit for violating their constitutional right to equal treatment . IRS applied different criteria to right-wing groups , holding up their applications for years while liberal organizations skated through . Obama administration fought the release of a list of 298 groups it denied tax-exempt status beginning in 2010 , citing privacy concerns . Judge in Cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the IRS to hand over the list . If court ` certifies ' class-action status , the tea party groups will be free to demand emails , phone records and other documents .


george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night . police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city . he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week . the brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack in panama city beach .


fitness guru ashy bines has admitted some of the recipes she shared had been ripped off from other websites . the 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on youtube . it comes as ms bines revealed she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . ms bines is best known for her 12-week exercise program, ashy bines bikini body challenge .


belgian food blogger yves van de ven, 37, took a couple of pictures deliberately missing famous landmarks in paris . he uploaded them to photo-sharing website 4chan and asked users to 'improve' them . since then over 100 pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the top of the tower .


Police caught baggage handlers at Miami International Airport stealing from passenger luggage after installing a hidden camera . This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 . 31 employees have been arrested for theft at Miami International Airport since 2012 , including six this year . There have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most claims coming from John F. Kennedy Airport in New York . Since 2002 , the TSA has fired 513 workers for theft , though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges . Last year , 16 employees at Los Angeles International Airport were fired for theft after police searched their homes and found luxury items .


YouTube is investing in `` YouTube Spaces , '' where `` creators '' have access to professional studios . The Tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to YouTube partners . YouTube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute . The most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks .


rodney todd sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess anne, maryland, home monday afternoon . police have identified the adult victim as todd's father, lloyd edwards, who they identified as the father of the seven children . todd's daughter, tynijuiza todd, 15, and her 12-year-old sister, tykira, perished in the carbon monoxide accident .


Etienne Capoue and Nabil Bentaleb win crossbar challenge on Thursday . The game ended a morning of fun for fans during an open training session . Tottenham host Aston Villa on Saturday at White Hart Lane .


rachael bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in . as the man reached into the till bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times . the robber managed to steal $280 from the cash register . bishop continued to chase the robber through the strip mall's parking lot, warning people nearby that he had a gun .


stuart broad suffered dramatic fall during england's warm-up match . crease was damp following overnight rain, causing broad to slip . broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching ankle . england take on saint kitts and nevis invitational xi at warner park .


Sixth form student Emily Reay is barred from classes for being too ginger . Her school said colour was inappropriate and asked her to ` tone it down ' But she says her hair has been vibrant shade of red for over three years . Emily is a natural red head but colours her hair so it is even brighter .


Labour leader went to ground over the Easter weekend. He spent the day campaigning in Doncaster and Bristol. But his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support.


Increased demand for coloured stones has seen their prices soar . Value of diamonds has been vastly overtaken by sapphires and rubies . Auctioneers are now branding them a better investment than diamonds . Celebrities such as Kate Middleton have driven the craze .


Mehmet Selim Kiraz , 46 , was taken hostage by far-left group last week . He died in hospital after six-hour stand-off with Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front -LRB- DHKP-C -RRB- Turkish court imposed the blocks because images were being shared on social media .


The bridge would link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet . Washington State Representative Jesse Young is behind the unique idea . State highway budget about project passed Washington House Thursday . Study of idea will have a $ 90,000 budget if approved by Legislature . Project would involve three carriers or just two and two ramps . Rep. Young has eye on the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk .


lewis hamilton took time out from training ahead of spanish grand prix . the mercedes driver took his brother nicolas out for a spin in la . nicolas, 23, will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship .


Natali Castellanos-Tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from Chesterfield County , Virginia , was killed in a one-car collision February 21 . Her daughter , Elisa , 3 , was in the backseat when her Ford Explorer ran off the road and slammed into a tree . Police ruled the crash a tragic accident caused by poor road conditions . Elisa has been plagued by nightmares and daytime visions about a white van , which her father believes may have something to do with the crash .


Chefs should embrace ` le doggy bag ' to stop edible food going in the bin . Food waste costs average French household hundreds of pounds a year . Popular practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for French food lovers .


researchers at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen found that large amounts of ice were not just at the martian poles, but likely towards the equator as well . it means that, if all ice were spread across the surface of mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre) of ice . the researchers measured how big the glaciers are, and their similarity to glaciers on earth .


The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro. It comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests. The superyacht costs around £29million to build and is likely to cost more to purchase.


Today 's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida , and hit warehouses belonging to a dairy factory . The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels loyal to Yemen 's deposed president Ali Abdullah Saleh entered its seventh day .


What 's changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston ? It 's hard to say for sure , but there are some of the stark differences in the cases . Black residents outnumber whites in the St . Louis suburb by more than a 2-to-1 ratio . The ratio of white and black officers on the North Charleston Police Department appears


Raymond Frolander , 18 , sexually abused 11-year-old boy at Florida home last July . He was then beaten to a pulp by the boy 's father after he walked in on abuse . After arrest , police released mugshot of Frolander with black bruises and lacerations . Photo was quickly shared thousands of times online , sparking outrage . On Thursday , Frolander pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation . As part of deal , he will be listed as sexual predator , be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his release .


Ryan Taylor 's injury record has severely limited the number of first-team appearances he has made for Newcastle . Still , the 30-year-old utility player is one of the most popular at the club . Taylor etched himself into Newcastle folklore in 2011 by scoring the winner with a superb free-kick against rivals Sunderland . He is out of contract in the summer and Sunday 's fixture at the Stadium of Light could be his last derby in a Newcastle shirt .


Flu strains H3N2 and B/Phuket triggered spike in deaths in U.S. and Europe . Modified vaccine which includes these two strains is coming to Australia . Including the strains has delayed stocks of the vaccine arriving by a month . High-risk groups in Australia will be able to get free flu shots from April 20 .


Cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want . Implied he would n't make his AG enforce federal pot laws in states that have approved sales - even though directly conflict with federal law . Stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors who said they 'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington .


The eight-year-old girl who died in a NSW car crash has been identified . Piper was with her brothers , mother and grandmother during the accident . One of her brothers continues to fight for his life in Westmead hospital . Piper 's death brings the national Easter long weekend road toll to 10 .


the cases have all occurred in ondo state since april 13 . symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness .


John Carver revealed he would use a whip to motivate his players . Newcastle have lost their last four matches against rivals Sunderland . Massadio Haidara has been ruled out for the rest of the campaign . Mehdi Abeid is expected to be in the squad after returning to training . CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .


` I 've got a driver -- a 16-year-old driving around , ' the first lady said during an appearance on Live ! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday . ` Look out DC , ' she joked . Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service , Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside theWhite House grounds on her own .


Rebecca Exton-Russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns . But Derby-based model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body . She checked into military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months . Went down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone after leaving No 1 Boot Camp . Lost a further stone herself after she left the camp


NRL head of football Todd Greenberg said the match review committee would ` look very closely at ' the Canterbury forwards ' behaviour . Graham argued with referee Gerard Sutton for awarding Souths a penalty . Klemmer was sin-binned for yelling ` You 're off your f **** ing face , ' at the ref . Both could have could have contrary conduct and detrimental conduct charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary . Highest charge carries 525-demerit point penalty and five-game ban . It comes as NRL heads slam spectators who threw bottles at referees . Police have not laid charges , but two men have had their details taken .


Ravi Beefnah , 34 , parked his white Audi A5 outside the entrance of the dealership in Chelmsford , Essex , in February as a warning to other buyers . Two months later and Mr Beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine . Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge .


Waheed Ahmed , 21 , was held by anti-terror police at Birmingham Airport . Student is accused of trying to take eight family members into Syria . He was arrested in Turkish border town with family , including four children .


phil rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs . the drummer for ac/dc previously denied all allegations . rudd could face up to seven years in prison for the charge of threatening to kill .


Poll found 45 per cent of Briton lied about their spending to their partner . One in four people do n't admit how much they really spend on themselves . Finances ` should not be a taboo subject ' urges Money Advice Service .


the u.s. embassy in nairobi says al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility . al-shabaab is a somali group that the u.s. designated as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 .


Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood was at Villa Park to watch Aston Villa beat QPR. Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy on the touchline as his players went behind twice. The Villa boss will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival.


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombings . `` Justice has been served , '' says Richard Donohue , who was wounded in a shootout with the Tsarnaevs . `` I may be standing on one fake leg , but I 'm standing here , stronger than ever , '' survivor says .


Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick has announced his retirement . The 31-year-old was advised to on medical grounds following ` a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons . Medics and the Guinness PRO12 province referred him to a neurologist . Fitzpatrick was capped seven times by his country .


marks were found on fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in france . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . study has, for the first time, studied the bones of three individuals found between 1967 and 1980 at the french site dating back some 57,600 years .


49 % of Scots plan to vote for the SNP , with just 25 % backing Labour . New YouGov poll for The Times shows Labour is down four points on last month . Support for the Conservatives was up two points at 18 % and backing for the Lib Dems was up one point . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government , even


Nasa scientists in Maryland are preparing for historic mission on 14 July . This is when New Horizons will arrive at Pluto after a journey of nine years . And it has now released its first colour image - from 71 million miles away . The mission will be humanity 's first ever visit to the dwarf planet .


Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to be executed just after midnight on Wednesday -LRB- 3am AEST -RRB- . 300 people gathered at the Blues Point Reserve on Sydney 's north shore donning signs and candles . ` # keephopealive ' was erected using over 15,000 flowers donated by Amnesty International supporters . ` Until that firing squad pulls the trigger there 's hope . As long as There


Unite boss Len McCluskey told members that Unions created Labour . He urged members to ` take back our country ' and ` bring back decency ' Last week his union pumped a further £ 1 million into the Labour Party . More than half of Labour candidates in winnable seats are backed by Unite .


Ricky Woolaston , 35 , posed as engineer to break into students ' homes . Stole laptops and phones in order to feed his drug habit , court told . Was caught after leaving behind charge sheet with name and address on .


Francis Pusok , 30 , was arrested Thursday after a hours long chase with police in San Bernardino County , California . A news helicopter following the chase recorded police tasering Pusok , putting him in handcuffs and continuing to beat him after he was subdued . The father of three was released from jail on Sunday and spoke out on Monday about the scarring experience . In the wake of the attack , 10 officers have been placed on leave pending an investigation into whether excessive force was used against Pusok .


Measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria . It also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph .


Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather meet in Las Vegas on May 2 in ` The Fight of the Century ' Filipino Pacquiao was given a speed ball with the face of Floyd Mayweather on it on Monday . Pacquiao then got down to business with a training session at Wild Card Boxing gym . WATCH : Pacquiao sings and directs his own music video for walk-out tune ahead of mega-fight with Mayweather . READ : UFC icon Ronda Rousey backs Pacquiao as Fast and Furious 7 star visits Filipino ahead of Mayweather fight .


Gorilla jumps toward exhibit window in Omaha , Nebraska . Kevin Cave caught the incident on video . `` It was n't as bad as we thought it was , '' zoo official says .


Los Angeles Kings forward arrested Friday on drug possession charges . Hockey player was busted at the Wet Republic pool at MGM Grand Hotel . He was booked at Clark County Detention Center and posted $ 5,000 bail . The charges include possession of Class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances . He was in the news in 2013 when he had an unexplained seizure at his home . Stoll celebrated the end of both the 2012 and 2014 season at the MGM Grand as well with his Kings teammates .


Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites . The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube . She said she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ` better qualified ' to give advice . Ms Bines also reveals she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about


A Doberman ate 3 watch heads, leather straps and chewed leather. The Doberman is a pure bred fawn-colored Doberman pincher. The owner's husband called her up and said, "I'm not quite sure if I should panic"


The four feet tall species of terror bird has been named Llallawavis scagliai . It was discovered in a crumpling cliff on a beach close to Mar del Plata city . Palaeontologists say it is the most complete terror bird skeleton ever found . They have used 3D scanning to reconstruct the bird 's range of hearing .


The illusion is the work of German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model . Stunning set of pictures was taken in front of a rockface in a forest in Langenfeld , Germany , yesterday .


Loren Mathieson filmed her dog performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties . Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .


Victims and their families of a US study that infected individuals with syphilis in Guatemala without their knowledge are suing Johns Hopkins . In a $ 1billion lawsuit , 750 plaintiffs claim the college approved and helped to plan the study , which ran from 1945 to 1956 . The victims were mostly orphans , children , prisoners , soldiers , prostitutes and mental patients . Marta Orellana was just 9 years old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with the disease . Federico Mesa was a solider who was forcibly injected with syphilis as a soldier and passed it along to his family . Marta Ruiz 's husband was infected , and she gave birth to one child who did not have a brain and another who is severely handicapped . Another woman , Victoria , claims she was born blind because he father was infected . Blindness , deformities , and death are just some of the problems babies born with congenital syphilis face . A lawyer for Johns Hopkins has called the suit ` baseless '


Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion. But it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. Judge ruled it should be sold off with an asking price of €100million (£86million)


Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic. Tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. She suffered six months of chemotherapy after the diagnosis.


Crashed Porsche 911 into builder 's lorry on traffic queues in Nottingham . Traffic was built up because of road closure after nearby cycling accident . Onlooker said driver ` looked absolutely distraught ' after collision with lorry .


Luke Lazarus was convicted of raping an 18-year-old at SOHO nightclub . Lazarus was sentenced to a minimum of three years in jail on March 27 . He is the son of the Sydney venue 's owner Andrew Lazarus . The photo was posted on April 3 to promote SOHO 's Easter club event . SOHO management told Daily Mail Australia the image was uploaded by an ` external promoter ' who they had given access to their Facebook page . The club agrees that the image used was ' 100 per cent inappropriate '


Brazil extends ` deepest sympathy ' to family of executed Brazilian . Indonesia executed eight death row inmates early Wednesday . Australian PM calls executions `` cruel and unnecessary ''


Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night . Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute . Jermaine Beckford and Daniel Johnson also scored for the hosts . Steve Cotterill 's side will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship . Preston beat Peterborough 2-1 at home on Saturday . The Robins will be back


Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not pulled up any trees this season . Redknapp insists club have not moved forward under Mauricio Pochettino . Former QPR boss says Spurs have been rescued by the kids this season .


Steve Esmond and his wife , Dr Theresa Devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of St . John . The toxic pesticide that poisoned the family has been found in various locations in Puerto Rico . Sean , 16 , and his 14-year-old brother Ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being poisoned


Oscar-winning cinematographer Andrew Lesnie has died . He is best known for `` Lord of the Rings , '' `` The Hobbit '' and `` Babe ''


Limmy posted the shocking seven-second video on his Vine account . The 38-year-old comedian starts with the spider crawling out of his mouth . The three-inch house spider crawls across his chin and runs up his cheek . The video ends with the spider approaching Limmy 's forehead .


Jesus Salas Aguayo , current leader of the Juarez Cartel , under arrest . Police say they can directly link the former hitman to more than 20 deaths . Led Juarez Cartel against rivals Sinoala in four-year war than killed 10,000 . Had been boss less than six months after arrest of Vicente Carrillo Fuentes .


Manchester City lost 4-2 at rivals Manchester United on Sunday afternoon . City players trained on Wednesday ahead of weekend match vs West Ham . City are currently fourth in the Premier League with seven games left .


Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute . The Argentine doubled his tally in the second-half as the club secured promotion back to the Football League . Michael Gash made it 2-0 with a close-range strike after four minutes . Curtis Weston made it 3-0 just after half-time . The win was Barnet 's fourth in charge of the club after a two-year absence . Allen


Three teenage boys from north-west London detained in Turkey last month . Their parents phoned 999 in Britain after realising they were missing . Authorities quickly made contact with Turkish counterparts to block them . Now it has emerged that one of boys ' fathers worked for the MoD .


Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge . She claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home . Feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch . Council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .


Gary Ballance , Ian Bell and Joe Root are forming a strong middle order . Ballance shone at No 3 for England against West Indies . England exile Kevin Pietersen will be 35 on June 27 .


Maglev hit 375mph -LRB- 603 km/h -RRB- and travelled for 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph -LRB- 600km/h -RRB- on an experimental track in Tsuru . Latest test run beat last Thursday 's top speeds of 366mph -LRB- 590km/h -RRB- Maglev trains hover and are propelled by electrically charged magnets . Central Japan Railway plans to have the train in service in 2027 .


Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months by adopting a new diet. She started by replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. She also ate more fruit and vegetables and lost weight in the gym.


Jack Henry Doshay , 22 , appeared in court on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . He is the son of a prominent San Diego businessman and is accused of trying to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach , California on March 23 . The girl , who has not been identified


andre ayew is out of contract at marseille at the end of the season . ghana international admits he supported liverpool as a boy . everton, newcastle and swansea have all shown interest . wolfsburg, borussia dortmund and napoli are also keen to speak to him .


oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw . ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead in the first half . nigel reo-coker captained the impact for 76 minutes .


Wylie Brys and his dad , Dallas zookeeper Tim Brys , were digging for fossils near a local grocery store when they made the discovery in September . After seven months , they acquired permits to dig up the bones . Scientists from Southern Methodist University are helping with excavation . Fossils are expected for be from a nodosaur , a pony-sized herbivore with scaly , plated skin .


Conor McDonnell is the young photographer behind Instagram 's most liked photo . 23-year-old has snapped the likes of Calvin Harris , Drake , and Justin Bieber .


Arman Nejad, 23, dragged teenager into house and raped her in 2009. He was free for several years because of bungled police investigation. Girl, now 18, eventually went to police in February 2010 and was interviewed by officers.


Zeus joined the Ridgefield Police Department in 2006 and retired in 2014 . The 11-year-old German Shepherd had severe degenerative hip disorder . On Wednesday , officers gave tribute to him in grand procession . The K-9 officer responsible for over 250 narcotics arrests . Police department said he will be dearly missed but never forgotten .


Kevin Andrews was unable to name the terror group's leader. Mr Andrews claimed he was unable to name the terror leader. But he said he would not be revealing his name for 'operational reasons' The Defence Minister was speaking on ABC's 7.30 program.


The 53-second video features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate , southern California . The woman is then approached by a tall man with a riffle who wrestles the cell phone from her . He then throws it to the pavement and then kicks it in a fit of rage . U.S. Marshals spokesperson has said the shocking footage ` is being reviewed ' , while the L.A. County Sheriff 's Department is also investigating .


Rev Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes housing association . Vicar is known for presenting Radio 4 's human interest show Saturday live . Attacked Tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal ' Confessed in memoir last year that he had taken drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines .


U.N. appeals for $ 174 million to help Nigerian refugees who 've fled to neighboring nations . Militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter . Aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food .


binmen in farnham, surrey, said walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of rules . binmen also left another bin full of rubbish because of cellophane on lid . enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little hitlers' .


AP McCoy wins second feature race at Grand National festival . Rides Don Cossack to victory in Melling Chase on Friday . Set to ride favourite Shutthefrontdoor at Aintree on Saturday .


Richard Hutchinson attacked former friend in betting shop in money row . He landed a single punch to victim 's face causing brain bleed and fracture . His victim spent 16 days in intensive care and a further 11 days in hospital . Hutchinson , 40 , admitted grievous bodily harm and jailed for two years .


Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday . They are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization . Authorities described the men as close friends who met secretly to plan their travel to Syria . They are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment


Australian Prime Minister skols a beer with celebrating football players . Video shows Tony Abbott drinking the beer in six seconds . The Prime Minister has been criticised by anti-drinking campaigners . They say the Prime Minister should n't be glorifying binge drinking . ` It sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how much you can drink . ' Criticism also levelled at media and officials who made light of the event .


Trotters have released a new range fit for a Prince ... or a Princess . The range includes boy 's T-shirts and romper suits , complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . There are even pink or blue rabbit booties .


Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord concluded military suicides may be more likely after members leave service than during deployment . The four-year study looked at military records of 3.9 million service members from October 7 , 2001 to December 31 , 2007 . Total of 31,962 deaths occurred , including 5,041 suicides , by December 31 , 2009 . There were 1,162 suicides among those who deployed and 3,879 among those who did n't . Soldiers with a dishonorable discharge were twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had honorable discharge .


Jordan Spieth finished on a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago. The 21-year-old was the first player to win on their tournament debut since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. Spieth finished joint second with Jonas Blixt and comes into this year's event having won his second PGA Tour title.


Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Bowyer has hit out at FA Cup rules. The FA Cup rules prevent him fielding one of his own players against Liverpool. Bowyer wants to include 21-year-old John O'Sullivan to face The Reds.


A man was shot in New York City Wednesday night as he fled from the scene of an alleged crime. Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.


Varvara , which is Russian for `` Barbara , '' swam nearly 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,500 kilometers -RRB- . She left her primary feeding ground off Russia 's Sakhalin Island . She visited `` three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales ''


18-month-old Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma , Arizona at 9.45 am on Friday . Their mother , Alexis , was trying to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller , police said . The boys were pulled from the water by a U.S. . Marine Corps helicopter and taken to hospital where they were pronounced dead . A Go Fund


Mercedes driver tried to avoid a traffic jam on the M58 in Merseyside . Attempted to undertake the queuing traffic on the road 's outside lane . But one driver was n't happy and blocked the Mercedes from getting ahead . Pair repeatedly began to swerve as the Mercedes tried to get past .


Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal , Quebec to Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken . The group of six crossed two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario , as well as five U.S. . states-New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana and Kentucky . For three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted KFC


Waitress Amanda Bailey , 26 , said NZ PM John Key pulled her ponytail . She wrote that she gained unwanted attention from him last year at a cafe . Ms Bailey said Mr Key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop . The Prime Minister apologised and said his actions were ` all in the context of a bit of banter ' Social media users have posted other photos of Mr Key touching girls ' hair .


brady olson, a teacher at north thurston high school in lacey, washington, tackled the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said . the 16-year-old student, who has not been identified, only transferred to the school a month ago .


The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days. Their stunning findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users. The team proved that Isle of Skye is the perfect road trip destination.


Mark Steven West, 32, was sentenced to four months jail, eight years probation. He admitted to sneaking off with a student during a prom event in 2012. The girl admitted as such to police as he said she was 'feeling horny' But despite the light punishment, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment.


Aston Villa earn 2-1 FA Cup semi-final victory over Liverpool . Mario Balotelli 's late goal was incorrectly ruled out for offside . Brendan Rodgers believes the goal should have stood .


intruders broke into home in hatfield peverel, essex, and flooded kitchen . they dumped tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs . stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches and left thousands of pounds .


Agent Arthur Baldwin arrested in south-east Washington at 12:30 am Friday . Charged with a felony charge of first-degree attempted burglary . Agent Baldwin , posted to Foreign Missions Branch , was placed on leave . Secret Service bosses also suspended his security clearance .


Abby Swinfield , 18 , was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30 . Mother-of-one was partying with friends at a house party in Tamworth . She was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield , West Midlands , where she died . She was placed in a coma , but died a week later from multiple organ failure . Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's fight at the MGM Grand is on Saturday. Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell follows the pair's arrival in Las Vegas.


The Hunger Games has grossed over $2 billion after three movies. The Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008. The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012.


Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey 's 13-man squad to play Oxford University . The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after last year 's Ashes . He has given up a lucrative deal with Indian Premier League side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey .


AP McCoy retires on Saturday after riding at Sandown . McCoy has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional . He 's won two Cheltenham Gold Cups and the Grand National . McCoy was the first man to ride 4,000 winners .


Expressed concerns over tactics employed by the Conservative campaign . Labour leader is now the bookies ' favourite to be the next prime minister . ` Every time Miliband is visible , he appears credible , ' said a company boss . Tory tacticians have now told campaigners to focus on economic success .


The worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an Edwardian semi-detached home in Greenwich, south east London. A local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man.


HighThere ! app is the world 's first social network for cannabis enthusiasts . App lets people swipe profiles to start conversations , like Tinder . It began life limited to US states were cannabis is legal , but is now global . Denver-based founder insists High There is more than a dating site .


one in five australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study . 86 per cent of australians turn to online retailers for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store . work will often take a back seat when online shopping is only a click away . three-quarters of australians will spend up to $300 per month or $3,600 per year .


Chase Culpepper , 17 , who was born male but identifies as female , regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women 's clothing . After passing a driving test last year , she was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson , about 100 miles northwest of Columbia , to remove her makeup . After several attempts , the makeup was removed to the satisfaction of DMV employees , and a license photo was ultimately taken . The teen sued the agency , calling the policy unconstitutionally vague .


morgellons disease has been described as causing fatigue and memory loss, while also leading to large sores on the body . sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow . joni mitchell, who claims to have suffered from morgellons for most of her life, has dedicated herself to trying to get the disease accepted as a medical condition .


Geoff Whitington, 63, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. Turning round his health would mean changing the habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise.


A train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30 am Monday . Its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track 's third rail . Part of the train 's contact shoe , which gets power from the third rail , is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail . More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped .


Matt Derbyshire gave Rotherham the lead after four minutes . Ross McCormack equalised for Fulham in the 67th minute . But Fulham were unable to push on for the winner . Steve Evans ` side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player , Farrend Rawson , during the win against Brighton earlier this month . If the Football League follow the precedent set with AFC


Bird was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford after flying along Thames . Eagle-eyed canal boat resident saw the puffin and contacted rescue agency . Puffins most commonly found in Iceland , but this bird ` blown off course '


Havana cob Cody was trapped for up to five hours last Friday. He was freed by 18 firefighters who came to his rescue. Owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexleyheath, London, was 'horrified'


What do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and Kylie Jenner have in common ? They all trended this week !


Hannah Overton will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her adopted son . Overton was found guilty in the 2006 of killing her adopted son Andrew Burd , who died of acute salt poisoning . Overton has denied killing the boy from the start and her husband and five children have stood by her side . Late last year her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel , but Nueces County district attorney Mark Skurka was set to try her again . Skurka filed a motion to dismiss however and the judge granted his motion .


Leaked images claim to show next season 's Real Madrid kit . The home shirt has grey trim and a round-neck collar . The away kit is all grey , a departure from this season 's pink offering .


Nicola Surgeon hailed shock winner of TV debate , according to one poll . Scotland 's First Minister left Ed Miliband squirming during an attack on tax . Tories immediately mocked up poster of tiny Ed in Miss Sturgeon 's pocket . Other polls suggest Mr Cameron came out top at 40 % and Miliband trailing . Mr Clegg turned on Mr Cameron at the first opportunity after five years in Coalition , accusing him of relishing spending cuts ; . The Prime Minister rammed home the Tories ' economic message , by indicating each leader in turn and delivering the simple verdict : ` Debt and taxes ' ; . Ukip 's Mr Farage stunned his rivals by launching an attack on foreign HIV sufferers using the NHS for treatment ; . Labour 's infamous ` no money left ' note , left in the Treasury in 2010 , was brandished by an angry Prime Minister ; . Mr Clegg challenged the Labour leader to apologise for his party 's toxic economic legacy -- a challenge Mr Miliband ducked .


Lib Dem leader 's wife takes swipe at party he shared power with since 2010 . She said she had been ` religiously paying taxes ' in the UK for 10 years . Lawyer is banned from voting on May 7 because she was born in Spain . Mr Clegg warned the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling Cameron .


Cody got stuck after wandering into ditch in Belvedere , south-east London . Animal rescue experts spent an hour and a half rescuing distressed horse . After being freed , the horse was seen by a vet and taken back to his stables .


Brazilian Rafael broke three ribs while on Under 21 duty on Monday night . Rafael sustained injury in a challenge with Leicester 's Anthony Knockaert . It means Brazilian may have played his last game for the Red Devils . The 24-year-old is surplus to requirements and will be sold in summer .


Emmanuel Adebayor is behind Harry Kane and Roberto Soldado at Spurs . Adebayor last appeared for Tottenham in 3-0 defeat at Man United in March . Tottenham are keen to get rid of the striker who earns £ 170,000 a week . West Ham tried to sign Adebayor in January but deal did not go through .


The movie, due out August 7, promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters. Fans on Twitter had mixed reactions. The trailer also features Chris Pratt.


The song rules the chart for 13th week . It passes Robin Thicke 's `` Blurred Lines '' Song three weeks from potentially tying `` One Sweet Day '' for record .


at least 55 greyhound carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near bundaberg, on tuesday . a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating the grim find . rspca spokesman michael beatty says it's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry . police said it was unclear how long the dogs' bodies had been there, but confirmed they were found in various states of decomposition .


Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia 's leading clubs in the 1990s . They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup in 1995 . The Russian outfit have since been wound up after going bankrupt . Volgodog is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup .


`` The Breakfast Club '' script was found in a high school filing cabinet 30 years later . School officials hope to display the draft script .


Al-Hijji family left cars and food behind when they fled in August 2001 . FBI agent 's report said family of Saudi advisor had ` many connections ' to hijackers , some of whom were said to have visited the house . Agency now says report ` poorly written ' and ` unsubstantiated ' 9/11 Review Commission accepted FBI verdict , did not interview agent . Congress document redacted by Bush administration pointed ` very strong finger ' at financing from Saudi Arabia .


19-year-old from north west of the capital arrested at airport today . He had just landed in Britain on a flight from Istanbul in Turkey . Teenager is accused of committing and assisting acts of terrorism . Charged at police station and due to appear before magistrates today .


John Coyne 's victim , 25 , woke to find the pub landlord raping him on sofa . Detectives seized CCTV of Coyne attacking drinker but he still denied crime . Jailed for 9 years after jury found him guilty of rape and other sex offence . Police urge anyone who may have been abused by Coyne to come forward .


Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio. The suspect told police that a group of men tied him to the tree after stealing $2,500 from him. Taylor claimed to have been left tied to the tree for several days, despite not showing any signs of dehydration or injuries consistent with being out in the cold.


chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the first leg of the fa youth cup final . tammy abraham and dominic solanke have both scored 36 goals this season . chelsea will take a commanding 3-1 lead into the second leg . click here for all the latest chelsea news .


Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 in the Premier League on Monday night . Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen saw off the Magpies at Anfield . Liverpool are four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City . READ : Jordan Henderson hopes Liverpool can turn up heat on Man City . READ : Rodgers will talk to Raheem Sterling about his behaviour .


Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering the breakfast at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter . The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk . The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .


Madelyn Yensen , 94 , died five hours before husband Marcus , 95 . Salt Lake City couple with three children lived in same house since 1949 . Madelyn suffered seizure while holding her husband 's hand at his bedside . Marcus later died of cardiac arrest , family said . Couple met in 1940 when Marcus took dance lesson from his future wife .


Strikes by French air traffic controllers will affect thousands of Brits today . New border control checks may also mean major delays for holidaymakers . BA , easyJet , Flybe and Ryanair among airlines forced to cancel flights . Three days of disruption start today at 5 am and end on Friday morning .


Senior golfer John Lahiff was attacked by a crocodile in Queensland . Lahiff was playing golf solo at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course on Monday . He says he did n't feel a thing during the attack and was even able to drive himself in a golf buggy to the clubhouse to seek help . Golf owner Clive Palmer sent his well wishes to the man after the attack . Recovering in hospital , Lahiff says the croc was more scared than he was . Lahiff feels bad for accidentally disturbing the sunbaking crocodile which he did n't see as he retrieved his golf ball .


A 7.8-magnitude earthquake on Saturday sparked an avalanche on Mount Everest , killing 18 people . The avalanche started on Mount Kumori , a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest , and gathered strength as it tore across the world 's highest peak . Survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed .


Author Margaret Atwood dismissed Katherine as an ` uneventful ' dresser . She says Duchess of Cambridge has n't lived up to fashion icon Diana . Miss Atwood says Kate is cautious when it comes to clothing .


David Miscavige, the head of the Church of Scientology, allegedly had his apostate father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the secretive organization. The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear.


Recruiting sergeant accused of series of sex attacks in 2010 and 2011 . One victim says she became pregnant after she was raped by him . He denies all charges and tells a court the offences ` did not happen ' In cross-examination , he tells jury that the Army was ` his life '


Nadine Crooks , 33 , from Smethwick , West Midlands , stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome after the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago . She stopped taking the Pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November . She has been told she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner , who


Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women. He says he loves his children and says he won't use contraception. But his sons have spoken out to say they wish they'd never met him.


25-1 shot Many Clouds wins Grand National . Second win a row for jockey Leighton Aspell . First jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950s .


Ben Stiller announces that Penelope Cruz will join cast of `` Zoolander 2 '' `` Zoolander 2 '' is scheduled for release in 2016 .


White Sox Hall of Famer tweets the closed-door game also should be postponed . Baltimore unrest leads to postponement of two baseball games . Third game in series will be first ever played without spectators .


The 200-year-old Cledford Hall near Middlewich in Cheshire is being knocked down to make way for a ` Butlins-style ' gipsy camp . Villagers in the small hamlet of Cleford had opposed the plans saying travellers could ` intimidate ' pensioners . Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting , which will house nine gypsy families for a maximum of 28 days . The


One woman had to travel from Somalia to Libya seven months to give birth. She is one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside Tripoli. She is one of about 350 women who have fled oppression in the past.


Fifty top fashionistas all posted photos of the same Lord & Taylor dress on Instagram at the weekend . The retailer has admitted that the bloggers got ` unspecified compensation ' to lend their credability and give the dress their seal of approval . The ploy proved an instant success as the $ 88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out and created an online buzz for the entire Design Lab collection . The deal highlights the gray area of bloggers failing to disclose when they 've received payment for promoting some goods and services .


Jeremy Clarkson will appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25 . It is believed he was booked to appear on the show before he was sacked . He was dropped from Top Gear after a ` fracas ' with producer Oisin Tymon . Police have decided not to press charges against the TV host .


Teacher blunder revealed when mock exam arrived and text did n't feature . Students now having to cram to learn new text in a few weeks . Extra English lessons put on at Wellington College in Berkshire . School apologised and said investigation has been launched .


Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress Janet Brown, 45, so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars. He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche, took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate.


Police are investigating suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne churches with links to paedophile priests . Firefighters were called to St Mary 's , Dandenong , at 2 am on April 1 . The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased Father Kevin O'Donnell . Police have released an image of ` a man that may be able to assist with their enquiries ' Comes after two separate suspicious blazes were lit on March 30 .


Joe Root threw bat down in his anger when he was denied double century . England 's Root was 182 not out when James Anderson was run out . Jason Holder ran Anderson out after the bowler strolled back to wicket . Pair kissed and made up as they made way in for lunch during the West Indies ' second innings .


The flexible aluminium battery was created at Stanford University . It consists of a negatively charged aluminium anode and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte . It sits in a flexible polymer-coated ` pouch ' and recharges in one minute . But it currently offers just half the voltage of existing lithium-ion batteries .


Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is the right man for Liverpool . Rodgers under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are also on course to finish outside the top four this season . Carragher received a Beacon Award for his community work on Tuesday .


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet in Las Vegas on May 2 . Fight is being shown on pay-per-view , with Sky Sports offering it in the UK for £ 20 while US broadcasters Showtime and HBO are charging £ 59 - £ 66 . Fans could turn to social media using new live video streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat to watch the fight illegally for free . READ : Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds . CLICK HERE for all the latest Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao news .


Iona Costello , 51 , and her daughter Emily , 14 , missing since late March . Pair from posh suburb of Greenport , Long Island , often went to shows . Video shows them with suitcases , but relatives began to worry after daughter began missing school . Mother told workers at her horse farm that she 'd be ` back on Tuesday ' Relative said that Mrs Costello had been ` under a lot of stress ' during the legal battle over her husband 's estate .


Ground-breaking TV documentary followed three children in medical trials . They were the first in world to have pioneering treatment immunotherapy . It uses powerful drugs to kill off cancer cells and destroy bone marrow . Toxicity of immunotherapy means children often need to be sedated . In the film , the children 's parents reveal why they decided to take part . The documentary , Raining In My Heart , will be shown on ITV on April 15 . Raining In My Heart will be shown on ITV on April 15 .


Councillor Joseph O'Riordan found guilty of attempting to murder his wife . Court heard attack occurred after he discovered her affair with the postman . Amanda O'Riordan , 47 , in extra-marital relationship with married Nick Gunn . Postman Mr Gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds .


Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho confirms Diego Costa will miss four weeks with a hamstring injury. Costa aggravated a hamstring problem in last weekend's win over Stoke City. Costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.


Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine regarding 2016 presidential candidates . Many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights . Others have asked about where candidates are from and their political party affiliations .


april 8 is also "rex manning day" in the 1995 film "empire records" "mean girls day" is officially october 3 .


Paul Casey wants to play in the Ryder Cup again. The former world No 3 is likely to miss the tournament in August. The Scot has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour.


Elche striker Jonathas scored only goal of the game to beat Real Sociedad . David Moyes ' side remain in 12th place in the La Liga table . Barcelona are top of the league , two points ahead of Real Madrid .


sean donohoe, 30, from wilnecote, tamworth, plundered pensioner's accounts . he spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to snowdome and hmv . he even persuaded victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits . builder jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft .


Former AFL player Ben Cousins surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station on Thursday . He had been on bail and was supposed to appear in court on Wednesday but failed to show up . His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments . Magistrate Steven Malley warned the former AFL star that he now faces a jail term for the ` serious ' offences he


The 6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing . It was so big that it posed a danger to passing aircraft . But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the kite could not be flown . Each of the 2,000 pieces bears the Chinese characters ` China Dream ' Professional kite flying teams from over 13 countries participated in the four-day-long festival .


Aaron Davis , head chef at The Kitchen in Florida , was killed while walking on Saturday by suspected drunk driver Jason Lanard Mitchell , police said . Mitchell , 25 , sped through several red lights before striking Davis and his co-worker Brian LaFrance , who was treated and released from hospital . Ana Granucci Davis , 28 , wife of Aaron , had second child Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday . The couple , who married in 2013 , met four years ago and also have a 21-month-old daughter Audrey . Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter , vehicular homicide , aggravated fleeing and eluding and leaving scene of crash .


Foreign GPs now account for 1 in 5 family doctors , new NHS figures show . In some areas such as Essex , the proportion is more than two thirds . Number will continue to rise due to shortage of home-grown GPs .


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Ticket prices have been inflated due to disputes over ticket allocation. The cheapest tickets for the fight are priced at $1,500 but demand is so high.


Robin Rinaldi, 42, met her husband Scott, 48, in 1999. They married in 2009 and had a son together in 2010. Rinaldi's husband, who was not a father, was against having children.


amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide . many governments are resorting to executions in a cynical attempt to tackle crime and terrorism .


Tanker carrying fracking wastewater struck by lightning in Greeley , Colorado , about 1 pm Friday . Fracking water contains traces of gas and petroleum , causing the tanker to explode . Other trucks also exploded as a result of fires at the facility , owned by NGL Energy Partners . Firefighters had to wait for the fires to subside before entering , because they were ignited by oil . There were no injuries , but the facility appears destroyed . The site is used to pump fracking wastewater into the ground . Storms swept from the Upper Midwest to the Southeast on Friday and Saturday . North Texas was placed on a severe thunderstorm warning Saturday night , particularly Fort Worth and Dallas . The Academy of Country Music 's Party for a Cause festival at Globe Life Park , Arlington , threatened . Houston suffered serious floods Friday night as rivers and bayous overflowed from the rain .


Man came to hospital complaining his thumb hurt and he could n't move it . Said he had been playing Candy Crush Saga all day for 6 - 8 weeks . Doctors found he had torn his tendon - but the man had felt no pain at all . Experts : Pleasure associated with a game can release natural painkillers .


Jermain Defoe scored the winner in Sunderland 's 1-0 win over Newcastle . The 32-year-old struck with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute . Sunderland are now three points clear of the relegation zone . Click here for more Sunderland news .


Swastika and ` scum ' sprayed in white paint on window and blue door . Labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals . Scottish Councillor Ross Thomson posted images of graffiti on Twitter .


ralph cramer, 70, and his wife, lynn, 59, were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred . first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash . it was not immediately known who was driving or if the couple had worn seat belts .


Patrick O'Melia, 39, was in a car with Justin Braddock, 34, when he saw him unconscious. The deputy was working a patrol in DeLand, Florida, when he saw Braddock fall. Mr O'Melia spent seven minutes giving Braddock CPR and eventually revived him.


Wladimir Klitschko will defend his world title in New York on Saturday . Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years . WBA , WBO , IBF and IBO champion Klitschko has n't shown any signs of decline in recent times despite being just a year short of his 40th birthday .


The couple , who does not wish to be identified , is suing Premiere Photos for allegedly printing the caption , ` Poor N ***** Party ' on the bottom of photos . The couple rented a photo booth for the wedding and the bride 's sister noticed the racial slur but chose not to tell the couple on their special day . The couple allegedly called James Evans of Premiere Photos but he issued no apology and that is when they decided to sue .


Belle Gibson has finally admitted she never had cancer . ` No , none of it is true , ' she told the Australian Women 's Weekly . She said she did not expect forgiveness . The Whole Pantry founder 's empire is in tatters . She also reflected upon her questionable relationship with the truth . ` I am still jumping between what I think I know and what is reality ' Magazine insists it did not pay Ms Gibson for the story .


Gary Hooper came off the bench to snatch a stoppage-time winner. Hooper's goal sparked jubilant scenes on Norwich's bench. Neil Lennon's side remain second in the Championship after 2-1 win over Bolton.


Fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade killed 56 and injured 265 in May 1985 . Martin Fletcher , a survivor of the blaze , spent 15 years researching the disaster . He was 12 at the time and has published his findings in a new book . ` Fifty-Six -- The Story of the Bradford Fire ' was serialised in The Guardian . It was the worst stadium fire


The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today . Over a million people visit the walls every year , but this dropped to 910,000 last year .


Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season's Europa League final. The Spanish club will retain the title for a record fourth time. But overcoming La Viola will be a big ask.


Newcastle United dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson 's title-chasing side in a skip . The club said the pictures were ` old and not being used anymore ' Fans were able to spot the disgraceful move outside St James ` Park . Sir Bobby 's team finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the Champions League .


WARNING : GRAPHIC VIDEO . Video of Eric Harris 's shooting released by Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office . Shows deputies chasing Harris , 44 , through Tulsa , Oklahoma , on April 2 . They tackle him to ground ; reserve deputy Robert Bates shouts ` Taser ! ' But instead of pulling out Taser , he takes out service weapon and fires . Bates says , ` I shot him ! I 'm sorry ! ' , while Harris begins yelping in pain . Suspect , being held down by his neck , then says : ` I 'm losing my breath ' Other unidentified cops tell him , ` f *** your breath , ' and ` shut the f *** up ' Harris was later hospitalized , died an hour later ; investigation ongoing .


Two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the Middle East . The pair are believed to be still detained in Turkey for foreseeable future . Officials could not confirm if and when they would be returned to Australia . It comes day after Australia and Turkey sign anti-terrorism treaty . The new deal will also cover criminal activity such as drug trafficking .


shigella infections, otherwise known as 'delhi belly' or 'montezuma's revenge', were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic, india or other countries . symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea . the superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and puerto rico .


Van was driving down dual carriageway near coastal city of Salé , Morocco . Footage shows the moment it starts repeatedly swerving across two lanes . Video taken by following motorist captures van crashing down on its side .


Small ` hot spot ' responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States . Area near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico and Utah covers 2,500 square miles . Hotspot predates widespread fracking in the area .


The design comes from scientists at the University of Wollongong . They won a US$ 100,000 grant for a next generation condom in 2013 . It 's made from a strong and flexible material called hydrogel . The groundbreaking design can offer functions like self-lubrication . The scientists will run biometric tests to maximise the pleasurability .


Mimi and Joe Lemay of Massachusetts say their son Jacob was never happy as a girl , adding that he has called himself a boy since he was two . It took years and many emotional ups and downs before the couple finally decided to let him transition . Now attending a school where everyone knows him as a boy , Jacob is the happiest and most outgoing he has ever been .


nico rosberg admits lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him . mercedes team-mate hamilton won the chinese grand prix on sunday . rosberg slammed hamilton's slow driving during the post-race media conference . the german said he would not have done anything differently .


iPlayer listeners say the vital last minutes have been left off radio dramas . Shows such as Dad 's Army and Hancock 's Half Hour fallen foul of problem . BBC blames system it uses to record programmes , but it 's not a new issue .


Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in `` X-Men : Apocalypse '' `` Newsroom '' actress will play Betsy Braddock in the movie . `` Apocalypse '' is currently in production for a summer 2016 release . James McAvoy , Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence also star .


Australian study found women spend 40 % of online time on Facebook . College students aged 17 to 25 said they read magazines ` infrequently ' Preferred Facebook to compare looks and check appearances over time .


Katie Prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 . Doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . Her husband Dalton , 23 , who has already received new lungs , is pleading for help . Her insurance company , Kentucky Medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs .


Andrew O'Clee , 36 , married Michelle Agbulos , 39 , in 2008 in West Acton , London . But while they were trying for a baby together , he started an affair with another woman . He told Michelle he was in witness protection and had to live in a safe house . But instead of heading to a so-called safe house , he would go back to finance manager Philippa Campbell in upmarket Chiddingfold , Surrey -- a 40-mile journey away . He married again in August 2013 -- even forging divorce documents so his family would attend the second wedding . He was jailed for eight months at Chichester Crown Court yesterday .


Most of the victims were children , according to reports . Condolence messages appear online with images of boys in soccer uniforms . The bus collided with a fuel tanker near the southern Moroccan city of Tan-Tan .


TSA's Aviation Security Advisory Committee says full screening of airport employees would not lower overall risk. Report says full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" "No single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries," report says.


Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case . The former Montpellier ace was among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their club had already secured the title . The trial will likely take place within months .


Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of Chinese Grand Prix . The Red Bull driver is hoping to kick-start his season after a disappointing start to the 2015 F1 season . The Australian finished sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia .


Britt Lapthorne, 21, disappeared from a Croatian night club in 2008. Police never solved the mystery of how her body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay. Her family believe Ms Lapthorne was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea.


barry lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . the irish tourist left his brother in a coma after a late night argument in sydney's inner-city on january 3 . patrick lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry . the crown declined to downgrade the charge and that lyttle agreed to plead guilty .


j.m. giordano, a photo editor at the city paper in baltimore, maryland, says he was beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests over the death of freddie gray . giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way fast enough . the 41-year-old photographer says five or six police officers hit him with their shields .


tipu sultan, the tiger of mysore, was killed by the duke of wellington in 1799 . troops plundered the city and the palace, returning with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even tipu's grand throne . this month, a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams . experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million at auction .


SpaceX founder , Elon Musk , tweeted : ` Ascent successful . Dragon enroute to Space Station . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' The booster appears to have landed but Musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over .


Saudi Arabia airstrikes on the capital increase as jets hit military facilities in Sanaa . The U.N. Security Council meets to discuss the situation . Social media : A senior al Qaeda commander stands in a presidential residence after a jail break .


It 's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen . Spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , Malenda Meacham .


Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied them to hide his iPhone. He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him. Al-Atraqchi pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.


The tiny nipper was caught during a 2010 government research trip . Its body remained frozen while biologists tried to identify it . The pocket shark measures 5.5 inches long and weighs a mere half ounce . ` It looks like a little whale , ' said Tulane University biologist Michael Doosey .


Charles Kingham , 86 , and Pauline Moore , 68 , had their home pelted with eggs , stones and even cooking fat on a weekly basis . Thugs banged on their door and urinated on garden flowers . Couple were forced to board up all the windows for protection . Ms Moore says yobs turned dream seaside home into living hell .


British supermodel Stephen James Hendry is one of the first ever to be a full tattooed model . The 24-year-old , better known as Stephen James , has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway at Fashion Weeks . He has landed in Sydney to start work on a new campaign for Windsor Smith shoes . His Australian fans make up a hefty chunk of


The PM said the SNP and Labour presented a ` clear and present danger ' He said the two parties were ` really on the same side ' in the election . Mr Cameron said Ed Miliband can only become PM with the SNP 's support . Comes ahead of tonight 's live TV debate between the main ` challengers ' Mr Cameron and the Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg will not take part .


Celine Bisette , from Canada , became an escort when she was in college . She wants to feel proud of her job , but complains that she is constantly battling the negative opinions of others . The writer , who uses a pseudonym , has her master 's degree but explains that sex work pays more than jobs in her field of study .


cnn crew aboard mecca ferry from djibouti to aden, yemen . boat hugged coastline, avoided deeper water, endured stomach-churning seas . crew met desperation, shouting and noise from crowds at port .


A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves , an Iraqi official says . Grieving Iraqis , apparently not related to the soldiers , gathered to pray over the bodies . ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher .


Dan Bilzerian , 34 , arrested on explosives charges in December last year . Escaped jail as part of plea that required him to make gun safety film . Film shows Bilzerian speaking in monotone voice reading from a script . Sits in front of gun-shaped candle holder next to action figure of himself .


LaTasha Gosling , 27 , of Tisdale , Saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early Wednesday . Her two daughters , Janyaa , 4 , and Jenika , 8 , and her son Landen , 7 , were also discovered dead . Hours later police found the suspect dead at his residence , along with a six-month-old baby who was unharmed . Police are not releasing much information at this time , but did reveal the suspect and victims knew one another .


The Japanese prime minister must issue an unequivocal apology to the "comfort women" women. The women were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. They suffered physical, emotional, and psychological trauma.


John Sutton Jr was just 8 years old when his father brought him to his first Kentucky Derby . The two bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion , which ended up winning the race . Every year since then , Sutton has attended the Kentucky Derby and has collected each year 's program since then .


Aston Villa draw 3-3 with QPR with Christian Benteke scoring a hat-trick . Tim Sherwood felt his side should have got more than a draw from clash . Villa dominated for long periods but almost lost to fall into bottom three . Benteke 's late free-kick rescued them from that fate at Villa Park . Chris Ramsey praises the Belgian for being a ` formidable player '


Shamima Begum, Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. They are believed to be training with one of the female arms of ISIS. The trio are said to be mercilessly patrolling the streets of the terror group's adopted capital.


huntley high school in suburban chicago offers a blended learning program . the program combines internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . one-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled in the program .


Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon . The 26-year-old became unhappy with the way the hearing was continuing . He pulled down his pants for the lewd gesture , despite being in handcuffs . The outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail .


A magistrate has refused a media ban on the trial of a sex offender . Brett Anthony O'Connor is the former head of child safety at Education Queensland . He was arrested in March for indecently assaulting two Sydney school boys more than 25 years ago . Police allege they occurred in 1987 and 1989 . He has been suspended from his job at Education Queensland .


Reagan met the Soviet leader for the first time at a peace summit in Geneva in the 1980s. He asked for his support in the event of an alien invasion. The former US President repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students.


Admiral Mike Mullen , former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter . The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that the Army Sgt . served honorably . The claims come


Archaeologists have found the skeleton of a camel below a cellar in an Austrian village . They believe the camel was from the 17th century Osmanic-Habsburg war . Ottoman troops used camels as troops during the conflict .


European pilots must fill out forms that ask about mental and physical illnesses . Road to crash site is almost finished , says mayor of Le Vernet , France . German newspaper Bild releases a timeline of the flight 's final moments .


Luis Suarez was Liverpool 's player of last season . But who would earn that accolade this year ? Jordan Henderson has many backers , as does Coutinho . Several , among them Emre Can and Raheem Sterling , have shone in parts . There have been lots of adequate contributions but there has n't been anywhere near enough consistency . If Liverpool are going to clamber into the top four and win the FA Cup , much will depend on the little Brazilian .


Barcelona 's Brazilian forward Neymar has not scored since February 15 . However , Luis Enrique is not concerned by the frontman 's drought . Barcelona players trained on Tuesday and remain on course for the treble . READ : Xavi still has vital role to play for Barcelona , insists Luis Enrique . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .


Islanders have cut six names from squad for first training camp . Uncapped duo Hope and Brathwaite have made 14-man squad . First Test against England start in Antigua on Monday .


Brian Karl Brimager , 37 , entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego . He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation . The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel , California , was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama . Her family reported her missing the following January .


the dramatic, up-close images, captured by a bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature . the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless .


Jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons . We reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars .


A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles, according to Oregon State University. Varvara visited "three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales," which was a surprise to Mate.


Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p . m . They are working with NGL Energy Partners , the company that owns the site , but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire . The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank , launching it into the air


Roger Federer posted a picture of himself with a snowball and his racket on Twitter . The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel , the football team he supports . Federer decided to skip the Miami Open this year as a matter of ` physical preservation '


Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young Muslim men . Lives in area where Jihadi Johnspent time with London Boys terror cell . Security services believed to be investigating cleric 's influence on network . Al-Sibai recently caused outrage for making sexist remarks to Lebanese TV host live on air .


Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury . The Spain striker aggravated the problem in Chelsea 's win over Stoke . Jose Mourinho hopes to have Costa back for the final four games of the season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .


Anand Iyer , 36 , worked for fashion site Threadflip in San Francisco . He ` felt terrible ' about not seeing his two-year-old daughter Ava . So in January , he handed in his notice . His wife Shreya , 34 , is supporting the family with her job .


Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord, nine years after leaving the Dutch Eredivsie club. The 34-year-old left Liverpool for Holland in 2003 and played for six years. Kuyt grew into a favorite among Feyenoord's fanatical fans during his first stint with the club.


Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is hoping he will be fit for the final against Reading. Arsene Wenger admits the England midfielder may not play again this season.


Miami International Airport is the most frequent destination for luggage thefts. A CNN analysis of passenger property claims filed with the TSA shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables. The TSA says it has taken steps to prevent the thefts.


Tiffany Sical , 21 , and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis , 23 , were driving on highway . They were heading home after watching Fast & Furious 7 in Rhode Island . But they died after ` drunk ' Joel Norman , 24 , reportedly drove up exit ramp . Norman ` drove wrong way up Providence highway for 1.2 miles at 1.35 am ' He then smashed into couple 's car , leaving their daughter , six , an orphan . Now , suspect is facing charges of driving under influence , causing death . Grieving relatives said they did not know how to tell little girl about crash . Comes nearly a year and a half after The Fast and The Furious star Paul Walker was killed when Porshe he was traveling in crashed in California .


Remains dating to the 5th century were found in tomb in Hwangnam-dong . Show a man 's bones on top of a woman 's who was buried with jewellery . Experts believe Silla Dynasty-era tomb was built for a noblewoman and her lover or bodyguard was sacrificed and buried on top of her . There 's a suggestion that the set-up may have been designed to show two people having sex - and the Silla were known for their explicit pottery .


Manny Pacquiao has directed and performed in a music video . The ` I ' m fighting for Filipinos ` music video shows his poverty-stricken homeland . The boxer will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat Floyd Mayweather .


Madeline Luciano, 40, was fired after allegedly encouraging pupils to bully a 13-year-old girl. The girl was written down on the board as she cried. But Ms Luciano claims she was actually trying to teach a lesson about the evils of bullying.


Labour plans to change rules that allow foreigners to lower their tax bills . Non-doms only pay tax on their UK income , not earnings from overseas . Estate agents claim non-doms are selling up and deals are falling through .


Video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex. Shows the £ 126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray , Scotland . First of the aircraft blasted them with thrust from its engines . As second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways .


Leanna Norris admitted killing her daughter Loh Grenada , 2 , in June 2013 . She plied the toddler with Benadryl and duct-taped her mouth and nose . Court heard ` depressed ' Norris did n't want Loh 's father dating other women . 25-year-old entered insanity plea but was sentenced to 37 years in prison .


The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush . Hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to Canada 's frozen wastes in the Yukon in 1896 . Wendy flew over the world 's largest non-polar icefield in the Kluane National Park , which is home to a huge grizzly bear population . Wendy


Lionel Messi scored the only goal in the first minute of the Catalan derby. Luis Suarez scored his second two goals in the first half. Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty as Valencia dominated the first half.


Typical heterosexual couples in Britain are having sex three times a month . The figure in 2000 was four times a month and five times a month in 1990 . Leading statistician says couples are checking their emails ` all the time '


Altamura Man was discovered in a cave in Lamalunga near Altamura , Italy . Researchers say the body has been in the cave for 128,000 to 187,000 years . Scientists have extracted DNA that has confirmed bones are Neanderthal . They say DNA might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids .


Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won her second title of the British Championships . The 19-year-old also sealed a place in Britain 's World Championships team .


Lorraine Cobourn can not even handle bananas following the incident . The 51-year-old suffered a broken hip after the accident in May last year . She is now undergoing counselling to cope with psychological damage . Ms Cobourn said : ` It sounds crazy I know , but I ca n't even touch bananas '


Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana , five , and Anisha , three , and their 18-month-old brother Harsh , are among the world 's heaviest children . Their food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month . Their father , 34-year-old Pragna Ben , is planning to sell his kidney to pay for treatment . He said : ` If my kids continue to


Southampton are only ranked 16th in the Premier League in terms of their wage bill - # 55.2 million . Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest wage payers with a wage bill of # 192.7 m . The biggest under-achievers are QPR , with a # 75.3 m wage bill even from a season when they were in the Championship


Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night . Jose Mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League . Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games . The Brazilian believes Jose Mourenho will play a key role in their remaining eight games . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .


Team of scientists discovered new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale . Seven million-year-old Nanokogia isthmia bones were found in Panama . Suggest the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution . Today 's larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease .


Ashley Young has revived his career at Manchester United . He signed five-year contract worth around £ 120,000 a week in 2011 . The 29-year-old is now being touted for a return to the England set-up .


Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet . Overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network .


The Curious Canine Kitchen is a ` holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' For £ 20 per dog , your pet will be treated to a slap-up five-course set menu . All proceeds will be donated to Amazon CARES , a street dogs charity .


Ian Joll was a Squadron Leader who flew a Bristol Blenheim light bomber . Was shot down during strafing attack on German aircraft and crash landed . Joll was missing presumed dead , and his mother was sent a telegram . But minutes later he appeared at her front door after having survived the crash and made his way back to English shores to see his parents .


Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton , East Sussex . She suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident . Police said the dog was off the lead with two similar dogs . They were with a man described as being in his 50s , with purple hair .


the 34-year-old reality star signed and numbered 500 copies of selfish . the 352-page collection of selfies will be released in may . kim took to twitter to thank her fans for their support .


The unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurt. She dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. She took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi and sent them to him.


Diego Maradona was filmed hitting a dummy during boxing training . Former Argentina star hit dummy in head and on the body .


Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash . Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with Marouane Fellaini 's threat . Jose Mourinho said he had asked the 20-year-old to turn the game into a ` 10 against 10 ' clash . The Blues boss also said that he had to keep an eye on the Belgium international . Fellaina has been in


`` When a Man Loves a Woman '' singer Percy Sledge dies at 73 . Sledge died Tuesday morning in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . `` When a Man Loves a Woman '' is cornerstone of soul music , much covered and much played .


Researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office . As the North Sea warms the number of popular species is likely to fall . The prices of these staple fish could also rise as they become more rare . John dory and red mullet may replace haddock , plaice and lemon sole .


Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose for the camera . As the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there . ` Daddy ! ' Joshua exclaims , as he runs towards


Chris Smalling in contention but Luke Shaw and Jonny Evans out . Robin van Persie will not be risked by Manchester United . Vincent Kompany a doubt for Manchester City with hamstring injury . Wilfried Bony , Stevan Jovetic and Dedryck Boyata will be absent for City .


bus monitor karen huff klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in greece, new york in a 2012 video that was viewed millions of times . one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused, along with two others, of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch . the bullying was videotaped and posted on snapchat .


Kevin Pietersen scored 19 runs for Surrey against Glamorgan . Mike Gatting says if players are doing well for England then they should keep their place . Pietersen was sacked by England following the 2013/14 Ashes Tour .


Iranians celebrate nuclear deal with U.S. , other world powers . Young people wave flags from sunroofs , blast music from stereos . The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities . Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif received a hero 's welcome .


Noelle Reno believes former fiancee intended to jump from London home . Scot Young , 52 , died after falling and becoming impaled on metal railings . Ms Reno , reality TV star , said in blog he ` unexpectedly committed suicide ' Others have speculated that Russian gangs were involved in his death .


edmund echukwu, 35, died at a sex party at a £3million mansion in hertfordshire . he was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party . mr echukwu is believed to be a nigerian from north london . neighbour margaret brown, 67, paid tribute to him today .


DC Ciara Campbell , 43 , ` used the police computer system to spy on her ex ' Also allegedly pried on Stuart Swarbrick 's new girlfriend who is also officer . Court heard she also accessed information about dispute involving a friend . Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material .


Ex-Brazil striker Ronaldo is a co-owner of Fort Lauderdale Strikers . Ronaldo insists the club will target signing the best players in the world . Ronaldo believes the lifestyle in the United States appeals to top players .


Labour leader refused to say Harriet Harman would get second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10 . Miss Harman has previously suggested that Gordon Brown 's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist . Mr Miliband has given stronger assurance to Ed Balls that he will have the top job at the Treasury .


Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi . Abu Hafs and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi carried out suicide missions in ISIS 's latest offensive on the Baiji oil refinery in Salahuddin province , Iraq . Another teenage suicide bomber Abu Basir al-Shami blew himself up in Anbar province , near the Iraqi city of Ramadi .


The clip was created by HLN 's The Daily Share to highlight the prevalence of this ` women 's tax ' The video shows price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men . For example , a Schick Hydro 5 men 's razor costs $ 8.56 , but the women 's version costs $ 9.97 . A pair of Neutrogena anti-aging creams also cost women $ 1.07 more per ounce .


Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings by police. Human rights group says police are claiming self-defense, alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes. Police say sandalwood smuggling is common in the area, but politicians from Tamil Nadu have lodged a protest.


Virgil van Dijk missed out on the Player of the Year award. Celtic boss Ronny Deila has said he feels 'worse' after defeat to Dundee. Celtic manager Jason Denayer says the club are 'on the right track'


mikki nicholson stepped in front of train after suffering verbal abuse . the 36-year-old had planned to move to newcastle, where people were more accepting . but she changed her mind months before death after being told she risked homelessness if she left social housing . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .


Charles Alasholuyi has taken time nearly every day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the # BringBackOurGirls hashtag and post it on CNN iReport . The marketing professional and father-of-three says he feels a moral obligation to continue posting his daily photo until the girls are returned . He says he does n't want anyone to forget about the girls and the struggles their families


tibetan mastiffs were once valued at £1.2million each . now they are being sent to slaughterhouses and their meat put into cheap hotpots .


A 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods for more than four days , police say . He was left with only a blanket and a Bible in Cobbs Creeks Park , a police lieutenant says . `` To see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that , '' he says


Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – after years of work with specialist growers in Thailand. The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum, and a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture.


Digital diffraction diagnosis or D3 could be used to detect cancerous cells in blood or tissue samples and even detect infections from HIV and Ebola . Technique uses microscopic beads that bind to diseased cells in samples . These clumps of beads change how light is scattered through the sample and can be detected using the camera on a smartphone like an iPhone . Results from the £ 1.20 -LRB- $ 1.80 -RRB- test are received under 45 minutes and scientists it could allow people to test for cancer in their own homes .


The Phoenix Mercury 's Brittney Griner and her fiancee Glory Johnson , both 24 , were arrested after a fight in their Phoenix home on Wednesday . The couple , who got engaged last year , ` had been fighting for days before the arguments turned physical and friends were unable to stop them ' Both were released from police custody at 4 am on Thursday .


Stella , 24 , is Irish and one of ten new Victoria 's Secret Angels . Her father worked as a diplomat so she travelled all over the world as child . Scouted in New Zealand and has starred in major campaigns . Recently partied in Las Vegas with Miley Cyrus .


Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family . His book , ` The Glazer Gatekeeper ' , challenges popular perception about the US bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening £ 800m takeover in 2005 . Nayani claims Malcolm Glazer had little to do with the takeover , leaving it to his sons . The family were always in it for the long haul and wanted United to overtake Chelsea . Son Joel Glazer refused to believe United fans could ` hate ' them . Trusted manager Sir Alex Ferguson regularly invited the family into his dressing room .


Sheriff Stanley Glanz told a press conference on Monday that the FBI investigation had cleared his department over the April 2 death . Robert Bates , a 73-year-old reserve deputy , continues to face second-degree manslaughter charges over the death of Eric Harris . The two full-time deputies seen in the videotape of the incident have been reassigned for their own safety . Sheriff Glanz said he does n't believe reports that Bates ' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident .


Review attacked the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the Tudor period in which it's set' The latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the UK, who tore into the series for its 'perverse' depictions of the historical characters.


Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that started growing into her throat. It was a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper. Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels.


pauline mckee thought she hit it big in 2011 when she put a penny in the 'miss kitty' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo, iowa . but on friday the iowa supreme court determined she had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game . the unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed .


danny garcia is set to fight lamont peterson in new york on saturday . puerto rican-born fighter has revealed he has an extra toe on his right foot . garcia stripped off his sock to show off his six toes in an interview .


The Bell 525 Relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $ 15million -LRB- # 10.12 m -RRB- for their own . The state-of-the-art helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . Depending on the configuration of the interior , the 525 will hold 16 or 20 passengers along with the two flight crew . The


javier hernandez scored the winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . real madrid will not take up their £7.5m purchase option on the striker . manchester united and real madrid agreed a potential £15m deal last year . lazio, valencia, dinamo moscow, newcastle, west ham and southampton are among clubs interested in the mexican .


Six people taken hostage in a kosher market siege say media outlet endangered their lives . They hid in a cold room during the attack in Paris by gunman Amedy Coulibaly .


campbell has listed a £6.75million chelsea penthouse for sale . the former arsenal and tottenham defender is an outspoken critic of labour's mansion tax policy . he has threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over £2million comes into force .


Len McCluskey has boasted that trade unions ` own ' the Labour party . He said : ` The Labour Party is our party . We built it , to serve us ' He went on to say : ` These are our policies ... they are now within our grasp '


Broga Yoga targets its classes specifically at men with more ` rugged ' workout . The company trademarked the catchy term in 2009 and its popularity quickly spread . The training and licensing of instructors began in 2012 . There are now more than 200 Broga Yoga instructors in the U.S. Crunch , David Barton Gyms and Equinox are among the facilities offering yoga towards for men .


Video footage shows corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop . When the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father in the background . The father-son then share a big hug with smiles all round .


Secret Service says supervisor 's security clearance has been suspended . He is accused of trying to kiss a colleague .


The clip was taken in Warrilla in NSW at about 1 am on Wednesday morning . The 15-year-old girl is flung into the air and appears to land on her head . Amazingly , she escaped serious injury and was released from hospital . Police have spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations .


The study asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they are worried. They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits. The results show that people in California are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US.


An Australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in Bali . Words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner 's identity .


Liverpool take on Aston Villa on Sunday for a place in the FA Cup final . Brendan Rodgers is leading Liverpool at Wembley for the first time . The manager wants to ingrain a trophy-winning habit into his players .


Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season . The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries . He returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea . But muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over Burnley last weekend .


Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid 's first choice left-back next season . The 19-year-old Spaniard has a £ 13m buyout clause in his contract . Chelsea and Manchester City are both interested in signing Gaya . City consider him a suitable replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov .


New report puts Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire in special measures. It is the first privately run hospital to be rated 'good' by watchdog. But it has been suppressed for nearly four months and only emerged now.


PM appeared weary with bags under eyes at event in Plymouth yesterday . In one day PM visited all four home nations in bid to secure votes . Turbulent week also saw Ed Miliband overtake him as most popular leader .


Kathryn Beale , 41 , prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women . Mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placentas . Swindon Council is taking her to court saying they want to stop her .


Lane Smith died after falling and hitting his head in July 2014 - just a few weeks before his girlfriend , Sierra Sharry , gave birth to their son , Taos . When Taos turned six-months-old , Sharry asked a local photographer , Kayli Henley , to make their family complete . The photographer added an image of Smith to one of their photos . ` This is how I picture us , ' Sharry said . ` Taos and I living our lives the best we can with Lane ALWAYS watching over our shoulder ' The image has been shared thousands of times online and Henley has been inundated with similar requests from other people .


Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran 's nuclear ambitions . `` I think there 's a third alternative , and that is standing firm , ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal , '' he said . His comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework .


U.S. . President Barack Obama says diplomacy is the best option to deal with Iran 's nuclear program . Obama said he is convinced talks are the best way forward . He said he expects a ` robust debate ' on the deal in the U.S. . The outline was a major breakthrough in a 12-year international crisis . Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark


chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 to win the uefa youth team league . izzy brown scored two goals in the blues' 4-0 win over roma on friday . ola aina and dominic solanke also netted for the blues in the final .


Floyd Mayweather Jr and Manny Pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever . Sportsmail 's Jeff Powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights . Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali in New York in 1971 is the third in the series . Smokin ' Joe was two-belt champion bizarrely backed by conservatives . Ali was darling of young blacks after refusal to fight in Vietnam .


Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium. The Reading fan, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch. Sumner is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.


Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months behind bars for dangerous driving . The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the Gold Coast from Splendour in the Grass , a music festival at Byron Bay . The incident was two weeks before Warriena Tagpuno Wright fell to her death from the 14th storey apartment in Surfers Paradise . Judge Martin Blackmore dismissed his appeal for early release .


Labrador Baylie from Leeds suffers from hip problems - and a sweet tooth . Swapped sweet treats and processed food for raw meat , offal and bones . Owners say he is a ` different dog ' since going on raw foods doggy diet .


Of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms . The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew . The CDC has yet to determine what 's causing the ailments . The Infinity left San Diego on March 29 .


Cloned camel was born in 2009 and called Inzaz , which means achievement . She was cloned from ovarian cells and born by surrogate mother . Injaz is now six years old and is said to have conceived naturally . She 's expected to give birth late this year , proving cloned animals ' fertility .


The Pacific Coast Highway -LRB- aka Route 1 -RRB- runs from San Francisco to Los Angeles . The road coils up and down cliffs and crosses cavernous gorges for almost 100 miles . At the end of Big Sur you can encounter yet another type of wildness in the form of the Madonna Inn .


The Paleo Way co-authors have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans . Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have made changes to the recipes . They have added vitiman C to their ` Happy Tummy Brew ' The formula was slammed for containing liver and bone broth . Evans ' infant cookbook Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way was set for release on Friday March 13 but was delayed due to health concerns .


ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.


The house sold for 300 times average price of home in England and Wales . Nine-bed property in Chelsea is 18 times the size of the average new home . Mansion , marketed for £ 55m , been bought by company based in Bermuda . Stamp duty alone is enough for Treasury to pay year 's salary of 330 nurses .


Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . Daniel Sturridge is a major doubt for the game with a hip injury . The England striker met up with comedian Darren Farley as part of an exclusive promotional video to showcase the TV coverage of the match by BT Sport .


Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium . James Collins scored an own goal and Sergio Aguero scored his 20th Premier League goal of the season . Pablo Zabaleta , Jesus Navas and Yaya Toure all impressed for City . Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting .


martin odegaard posed with former brazil international ronaldo . the 16-year-old took to social media to share the picture of the pair . ronaldo was visiting real madrid ahead of their champions league clash with atletico madrid on wednesday .


Zeta Beta Tau suspended and charged for the ` disgusting ' acts . Three members were expelled for the deplorable acts at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama Beach City on April 17 . Event designed to give ex-servicemen a relaxing break . University of Florida and Emory University branches were there at the time . They allegedly ripped flags off cars and urinated on them and threw items off balconies . Wounded veteran Nicholas Connole said he was spat on and felt ` hurt '


A Utah National Guard officer was fired and three other soldiers disciplined for their participation in the shoot. The 19th Special Forces unit used military vehicles to portray the British models. The Army Times saw emails where members of the 19th Special Forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed 'uptight Mormons' for outrage of their time with the models.


James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday . Four wickets in the game would take him past Botham 's national record of 383 Test wickets , making Anderson the most prolific English bowler in history . Sir Vivian Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Botham .


Nigel Farage caused controversy at the televised leaders ' debate last week . He attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to non-British sufferers . Ukip leader insisted he had ` overwhelming support ' of public for comment . Claimed 60 % of 7,000 cases a year ` come into UK from anywhere in world '


Andros Townsend hails Harry Kane as the ` best finisher ' he has played with . Kane made his England debut as a substitute against Lithuania on Friday . Townsend scored in a 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . Townsend says he has always told people that Kane is the best he has ever played with . The Tottenham Hotspur team-mate says he should get a


Piers Morgan calls for Arsenal to replace their long-serving manager . Morgan says Jurgen Klopp would ` be our Mourinho ' if he joined Arsenal . Gunners fan says Klopp is ` perfect for Arsenal '


Eathan Cruse , 19 , was one of the five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday . He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . ` He grabbed me , handcuffs me , is like ' What 's your name ? ` ... and I said Eathan , ' he said . His father , Glen , also said he was brutally


jamal al-labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the united states . he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen .


Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday . Kane and Christian Eriksen both scored in their 3-1 win at Newcastle . Eden Hazard scored the only goal as Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 .


ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life . he formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam . mr meudell grew up on the south coast of new south wales and takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach .


Bernie Sanders is running for president as an independent, but he's a friend to many. He was mayor of Burlington, Vermont, for a quarter-century, and he's been a leader in the state. Sanders is the son of a former mayor of Vermont, and he's a Democrat.


A team of Hollywood prop makers built a loo version of the Iron Throne. The toilet features in the hit TV show Game Of Thrones. The loo was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers.


Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . Common dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides , preferring warmer waters found further south , leading experts to believe that global warming has led to pods moving north .


Sara Martin , from Lititz , Pa. , had n't spoken for weeks after health declined . But one day recently , the dying mother-of-three uttered the word : ` Florida ' Now , devoted family is driving her there for what will likely be final holiday . They are leaving for the city of Sarasota in south-west Florida in RV today . Mrs Martin , 37 , was diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer five years ago . She is married and has three children ; Carlie , 12 , Gretchen , 11 , Connor , 9 . She has not spoken again and has been told she does n't have long to live .


Zoe and Eleanor are playing a game online with their classmates. The girls are all at primary school and are all over the country. The girls, aged between 10 and 11, are all playing the game in a bedroom.


Heads of some of Britain 's best state schools warn of the dangers of a Labour government reversing radical education reforms . In a letter to the Daily Mail , 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . But they say Labour -- and some senior Lib Dems -- appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .


Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool 's 4-1 defeat against Arsenal on Saturday . Balotelli was absent again at Blackburn due to illness , confirmed the club . BT Sport pundit Robbie Savage branded Balotelli ` pathetic ' as a result . Balotelli responded by showing a thermometer reading 38.7 C -LRB- 101.66 F -RRB- The Liverpool striker used the hashtags #unluckyseason and #illbeback . Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 thanks to Philippe Coutinho 's winner .


Princess Charlene presented Novak Djokovic with a sports award . Charlene was glamorous in navy as she handed over the gong in Monaco . Award was part of a ceremony taking place in Shanghai . Glitzy event was attended by Benedict Cumberbatch and Henry Cavill .


Manchester United will play four games in the United States this summer . Louis van Gaal 's side will play Club America , San Jose Earthquakes , Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain . Van Gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling United had to do last year . United will return to England on July 30 in order to recover in time .


Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets . Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world . The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look . Mr Anderson ,


Jurgen Klopp 's seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund will end on June 30 . Premier League clubs on alert after the shock news from Germany . Klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break . Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed news in press conference . The 47-year-old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs . Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there . Klopp : ` I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change '


The 90-condo holiday home building in Westhampton collapsed at around 3 pm on Wednesday . Twelve fire teams were deployed to fight the blaze but could only battle it from the outside , it lasted past 8 pm . The fire was so intense it melted the paint off buildings in the vicinity and sent smoke up three miles high . Nobody was hurt in the fire . The Sandpiper complex is open between May and November .


Anna Foord sold low grade diamonds at hugely inflated prices , court is told . Part of gang who sold coloured diamonds in £ 1.5 million ` boiler room ' scam . Foord , 30 , was found guilty of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering . Another gang member was found guilty while three others admitted similar charges .


The lonely jihadi has been attempting to give advice on relationships with jihadi brides . The extremists warns of ` temporary delight of sisters following you and praising you ' on social media . Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months .


Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of missions . Crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033 first step . will lead up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039 . Report says missions fit within NASA 's human space exploration budget .


Tim Ward and his wife , Brandy , were killed in the mudslide in Oso , Washington , last year . Brandy was one of the 43 people killed and Tim broke his pelvis . Just a week later , he was told he did not have ` landslide insurance ' This meant he did n't qualify for payment to settle his mortgage . He has spent the past year


Pauline Bruce 's neighbour Yvonne plagued her for seven years . Yvonne made silent phone calls day and night and shouted abuse . Taunted her husband , Tony , when he was diagnosed with terminal cancer . ` I was frightened for our lives , ' said Pauline , from Ludlow , Shropshire .


The story of Rapunzel , the girl trapped in a tower who is rescued by a prince , has captivated little would-be princesses . But not everyone ditches the extra-long look when they hit adulthood . The number of middle-aged women with long natural hair is on the rise . Fiona Steane , 50 , wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 . She 's had


a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york . he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud . queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered . the man will appear in the cairns magistrates court on april 24 .


Eden Hazard will start for Chelsea against Stoke City on Saturday . Belgium midfielder is ` tired ' following the international break . Diego Costa has recovered from hamstring injury , confirms Mourinho . But the Blues top scorer may not be ready to start Premier League clash . Still a four-horse race for the title , according to the Chelsea manager .


Police worried about teen girl who has been missing since Friday afternoon . Sally Gordon-Smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school near Melbourne . Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning . An image of Ms Gordon-Smith released in the hopes of finding her quickly .


a 4wd burst into flames in the middle of sydney airport's international terminal car park on thursday morning . witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle . the outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am . witnesses captured footage of nsw fire and rescue crews working to put out the flames as thick smoke spewed out over the airport's car park .


Buckingham Palace guard slipped and fell in front of hundreds of tourists . Thought to have stumbled on manhole cover during Changing of the Guard . Embarrassed young soldier ended up on the floor still clutching his rifle . Unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on tourist 's camera .


jack cordero vomited all over the floor of a bookstore in portland, oregon . he wrote a sincere apology and included a gift card for ice cream . manager jennifer wicka said the apology made her day .


V.K. Singh is leading the operation to evacuate Indians trapped in war-torn Yemen . The minister reportedly said the exercise was less exciting that visiting the Pakistan High Commission . Angry Singh branded a section of the media ` presstitutes ' after they quoted him . Congress called his statement ` abusive ' and ` lamentable '


Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state 's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday . The two , GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over


Vanessa Santillan was found dead at a flat in Fulham , south west London . The 33-year-old Mexican national was working as a transgender escort . A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death last month . He was bailed pending further inquiries as police continue investigation . Any witnesses or anyone with any information that can assist police are asked to call the incident room on 020 8721 4868 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via crimestoppers-uk.org .


Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players at Manchester United . Football intelligence is something very few people are truly blessed with . Van Gaal was highlighting these two because of their superior football intelligence . The Dutchman can trust these players .


The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa 's Sabi Sands . It is Sir Richard Branson 's private reserve . Kutner came face to face with three rhinos , along with documenting the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard .


The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years . Pilgrims have already made reservations to see the cloth , believed to have been used to wrap Jesus ` body . Church does not officially maintain that Christ 's body was wrapped in the shroud or that any miracles were involved in the creation of the image now on display .


Man , who can not be named for legal reasons , jailed for life at Derby Crown Court . Court heard he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse . He impregnated her when she was just a teenager , having ` poisoned ' her against her mother .


The CYG-11 seaplane has been developed with Russian engineers . It uses wing-in-ground effect to glide over the sea off Haikou in Hainan Province , China . The aircraft can be used like a catamaran until it builds up enough speed to lift off from the ocean . It can reach a top speed of 155 mph -LRB- 250 km / h -RRB- and has a maximum range of 930


short film has been developed on an oculus rift virtual reality headset . based on 2009 u.s. airways flight 1549 forced into a landing on water . only one person was hospitalised, and the incident became known as 'miracle on the hudson'


All that 's unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone . Yet as Joe Herbert explains , testosterone is at the heart of human life . It begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body . This influence continues immediately after birth .


The wedding of murdered Stephanie Scott had been booked at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue on Saturday . The venue is 2 km outside the tiny town of Eugowra , in New South Wales ' central west region . 120 people had been invited to Ms Scott and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley 's wedding . Instead the guests had to make their way to Ms Scott 's memorial service on the couple 's big day . The popular teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday and a body was found on Friday . Police have charged school cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , with the 26-year-old teacher 's murder .


Denise Chiffon Berry , 44 , was driving in Hawthorne , California with her unidentified 12-year-old son on Wednesday . Around 12:30 pm , her son saw a man riding in a Cadillac with his feet handing out the window and the two laughed at the scene . When the Cadillac began following their vehicle , Ms Berry pulled over to ask a police officer for help . That 's when Raymond Washington , who was in the front passenger seat , got out of the Cadillac and started shooting at Ms Berry and her son . Ms Berry died at her scene while her son survived ; Washington was shot dead by the police officer helping the mother and son . Washington , 38 , was a father-of-two and had a previous felony conviction .


Volcano Calbuco erupted at around 6pm local time. It is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes. The volcano last erupted in 1972, and while it is widely believed to be among Chile's most dangerous, it was not under observation before it erupted today.


Micha Stunz , 45 , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he claims . He has a kitchen scale , which shows up to 6.6 lb , has n't been enough for a while . The silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and make sex much more difficult for him . He cannot


SpaceX made its third attempt to land a booster on an ocean platform . But the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed . Falcon 9 is on its way to the ISS with supplies and will arrive Friday . Cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .


Commuters are now able to make phone calls and send texts via internet . The new technology rolled out by EE can be used at Underground stations . It automatically connects to Wi-Fi when a phone signal is unavailable .


Mike and Susan Fortuna , of Shelburne , accused Botox maker Allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter . Mandy Fortuna suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms off-label . In November , a Vermont jury awarded a New York family $ 6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan . Fortunas claim their


A rampaging elephant attacked a man after invading his village in India . Ramiul Sheikh , 50 , survived two charges by the five-ton animal unharmed . Locals were trying to coax elephants into forest when one turned violent .


Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says in a televised address that fighters will not pull out of major cities . A top military leader pledges allegiance to Yemen 's ousted President .


Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan. The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.


Belle Gibson was awarded Cosmo 's Fun Fearless Female Award last year . Bronwyn McCahon wishes her magazine had better investigated Ms Gibson . Despite her cancer lies , Cosmo wo n't strip Gibson of the prize . ` What she does n't need now is the whole of Australia ganging up on her and bullying her , ' McCahon says .


Houses and shops have been left deserted as resident try to escape the worsening violence . Months of ISIS pressure has left Iraqi forces outnumbered inside the city . US forces previously waged a eight year battle against insurgents in Ramadi and Fallujah .


denver police report nine arrests in wednesday's demonstrations . more than 60 people were arrested, a law enforcement source told cnn .


Film crew was following deputies chase horse thief in California desert . Man falls off his horse , two deputies stun him with their Tasers . They then kick him in groin and head repeatedly before others join them . In total , eight deputies surround the man kicking him for two minutes . San Bernardino County sheriff has called for investigation into the incident .


Sudheer Khamitkar , shot his wife , Smita Haval Khamitkar , and their sons Arnav Khamitkar , 10 and Arush Khamitkar , six , earlier this week . Their bodies were found after Mrs Khamitkar 's employers , American Airlines , requested a welfare check when she failed to turn up to work . Police say they still do not have any motive but are speaking to Mr Khamitkar 's employers ; he recently switched jobs , they said .


Two-year-old Matheryn Naovaratpong , from Thailand , died in January . Had battled a very rare brain cancer that affects very young children . Her brain and body have been frozen by Arizona-based firm Alcor . Family hopes body can be used for research - or she can one day live again .


Aston Villa and QPR drew 3-3 in the Premier League on Tuesday night . Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey 's reunion had twists and turns to it . The two clubs ' Premier League statuses were not decided by the draw .


A SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, on Wednesday after a passenger lost consciousness. The passenger received medical attention before being released, according to Marissa Snow, spokeswoman for SkyWest. She said the airline expects to accommodate the 75 passengers on another aircraft to their original destination -- Hartford, Connecticut -- later Wednesday afternoon.


A magnitude-7.8 earthquake struck near Kathmandu , Nepal . Carolyn Miles : Many survivors will have nowhere to go .


Ronnie O'Sullivan , a five-time champion , draws Craig Steadman . The 32-year-old Steadman is playing in World Championship for first time . Defending champions Mark Selby will face Norway 's Kurt Maflin .


DeShane Beckford impressed on trial with West Ham 's academy . The 17-year-old forward has been linked with a host of European clubs . Beckford is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean . The Hammers have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as # 289 .


Dartmouth is the only Ivy League school in an early primary state , giving he school enormous influence and a recurring role hosting primary debates . Random sampling of 50 students found just nine who said Hillary Clinton would make a good president . Seven of those nine said they knew little about her political baggage . Age and gender do n't matter to millennial academic elites , but they 're concerned about Clinton extending Barack Obama 's foreign policy . Clinton will visit New Hampshire on Monday and Tuesday for the first time since her campaign launch a week ago .


Usain Bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food . The Jamaican sprinter said he now eats a ` lot more vegetables ' The 28-year-old said his chef chases him around the house to make sure he is eating his greens .


on wednesday virgin australia launched complimentary food on all domestic flights . the latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . virgin australia hailed the move as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline .


John Barnes appeared as a guest on Sky 's A League Of Their Own show . The 51-year-old rapped 1979 classic Rapper 's Delight as part of a sketch . Barnes ' ex-Liverpool team-mate Jamie Redknapp joins in halfway through . Barnes featured on Anfield Rap and World in Motion in the past .


mary doyle keefe was the model for norman rockwell's "rosie the riveter" she died this week at her home in simsbury, connecticut .


The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . The video maker , named Meo Madeley , can then be heard laughing as the bearded dragon becomes even more animated and chases the dog in a circle . Ms Madeley said that the pair completely love one another .


Liverpool will face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . Brendan Rodgers ' side are still in the hunt for a Champions League spot . Simon Mignolet insists the club are not prioritising one over the other .


The clip , posted on Instagram and quickly deleted , shows the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands . After the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds .


Labour leader Ed Miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' during the British film Pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike . Pride achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the Left : bolshie unions and minorities -LRB- in this case , homosexuals -RRB-


Aaron Cresswell has impressed during debut season in Premier League . The left back joined West Ham from Championship club Ipswich for £ 2m . Manchester City and Chelsea are both keen to sign the 25-year-old . Both clubs are mindful of boosting their quota of homegrown players .


Passengers on new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook . The #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline 's Dreamliner 787 routes . Other key features include full-length mirrors in the bathroom , and special mood lighting .


Navinder Singh Sarao is facing extradition and wanted by US authorities . He is alleged to have helped trigger a trillion dollar Wall Street ` flash crash ' Sarao will spend the weekend in jail after failing to pay his £ 5m bail .


Three of the convicted bomber 's family members said they believe Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was the victim of a conspiracy . An uncle said ` American special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded . Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty . The death penalty phase of his trial begins on April 21 .


Sissa Abu Dahou recently was honored as one of Egypt 's ideal mothers . But for 43 years she has dressed as a man so she could work in the conservative country . `` People talked but I said I decided to be a man so I can take care of my small daughter , '' says Dahou .


The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world . Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails , telephone calls and electronic chats , the US said .


Top Gear presenter was sacked after punching Oisin Tymon in the mouth . The ` fracas ' started when Mr Clarkson was told he could n't get a steak at Yorkshire hotel after a day 's filming . But Mr Tymon told police he did not want to press charges . Officers have now announced that Mr Clarkson will not face prosecution .


Andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis during Barcelona 's 3-1 Champions League win at PSG . He had to be substituted after a clash with PSG midfielder Javier Pastore . Barcelona have confirmed Iniesta 's injury on their official website . The midfielder could now miss the league game with Valencia this weekend .


Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle 's Under-21s on Wednesday . The 26-year-old has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung . De Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season . Newcastle host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday .


barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says the club have no plans to replace luis enrique and are 'very happy' with him . the 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year-deal . bartomeu says he's impressed with how enrique has performed . enrique's side comfortably dispatched of champions league chasing valencia on saturday, with goals from luis suarez and lionel messi .


denise and glen higgs, from braunton, devon, had all but lost hope . glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment at the age of 20 . using his frozen sperm, doctors created eight embryos through ivf . the couple had a daughter mazy, born three years ago . they tried again using same batch and denise gave birth to twins last week .


Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle on Saturday . Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic in the third minute . Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness a minute later . Craig Gordon believes his side will need to fight with every sinew in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Sunday . Deila 's side are in the hunt for a fourth treble after a


Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart 's 8,463 runs to become England 's second highest Test run-scorer . West Indies ` last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by a welcome burst of wickets from Stuart Broad . Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from surgery . Broad claimed three wickets for 19 when


The penalty is more than 10 times the previous record , according to a newspaper report . Utility commission to force Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to make infrastructure improvements . Company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 , says it is using lessons learned to improve safety .


Dominika Petrinova , 27 , was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik 's prank . She had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash . Mr Meldig revealed the ` joke ' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound . Ms Petriniva decided to exact her revenge by gluing waxing strips to a plastic office chair . She


Brightly-dressed churchgoers were on display Sunday afternoon in New York City . Hats ruled the day - featuring huge eggs , butterflies , bubbles , Bill de Blasio and a sailing ship . Even pets got in on the action , with a contingent of dressed-up dogs making an appearance .


Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute . It was Wilson 's 22nd goal of the season for the Cherries . Bournemouth are ahead of Norwich at the top of the table by one point .


Wales climbed to 22 , their highest-ever position in football 's world order , in the April rankings to move within eight places of England . Chris Coleman 's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying . Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott , Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground .


The Queen , 88 , was spotted riding her Fell pony , Carltonlima Emma . Joined by a groom on another Fell ponies , she enjoyed the sunshine . The monarch , who has never worn riding helmets , never wears a helmet . She prefers to ride in a silk headscarf instead of a helmet . The Queen 's racing trainer , Ian Balding , said : ` I


Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Alan Pardew is demanding more than # 20m for the winger to leave Selhurst Park . The Crystal Palace manager says any players that do go will not be sold cheaply . The Palace boss believes Tony Pulis should get a good reception at the club which he transformed last season before leaving days before this campaign


Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon on Sunday in the Champions Cup. Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap. English clubs cannot compete when the leading Top 14 sides play to their potential.


Anbar provincial official : Suicide and car bombs were part of the ISIS assault . Iraqi and allied forces have had recent success , but ISIS remains powerful .


Devastated fiance of late ` wellness warrior ' Jessica Ainscough writes touching tribute to followers . Ainscough , 30 , died in February following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer . She advocated treating cancer with a vegan diet and coffee enemas . Partner Tallon Pamenter , who she was to marry this year , said : ` My heart is in a million pieces ' ` This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every aspect of my life ' Mr Pamenter also revealed she underwent radiation in her final weeks .


Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey against MCCU Oxford . Former England star Andrew Flintoff believes time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career . Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago . Flintoff is optimistic about England 's fortunes , despite their winter woes .


Health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21. The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland. It would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland.


Jennifer Saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn . She revealed that Joanna Lumley , who plays Patsy in the comedy , had told her to ` do it before we die ' The film will be based in London , with some scenes in the south of France , or in the Bahamas if the budget allows .


Google introduced Face Unlock in Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich . Now rolling out new voice unlock feature to users . It acts as an alternative to screen locks involving a pattern or a PIN .


Channel Ten show The Project accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah. The show was promoting their interview with US comedian Michael Che. Che and Pharoah were promoting their upcoming show.


Three people killed ; five wounded in attack on attorney general 's office in Balkh province . Staff and civilians have been rescued as gunmen engaged Afghan security forces .


Dug the pug was hiking with his owner in Fontana , Canada , when he ran toward a rattlesnake and was bitten in the face . His face swelled to twice its size and he needed two days of IV fluid and treatment . He has now made a full recovery .


Putin to spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television . Sanctions and Russia 's deep economic crisis likely to be a major theme . Critics of the Kremlin slam event as Russia 's imitation of democracy in action .


Manuela Arbelaez handed The Price Is Right contestant Andrea a $ 21,960 Hyundai Sonata SE for free on Thursday 's show . The absentminded model revealed the correct price of the car too early . Host Drew Carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ` Congratulations ! Manuela just gave you a car ! The game is over , folks '


The overturned car was smoldering on a New Jersey roadway when police arrived . It burst into flames shortly after they pulled out the unconscious driver .


Mohamed Hamdin , 24 , appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault . He was charged with groping the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a concert in Sydney on Australia Day . Hamdin and the girl were dancing and kissing at the Enmore Theatre , in Sydney 's inner-west , on January 26 . The Sudanese refugee was granted bail on strict conditions , including that he


Marissa Holcomb was fired from Popeyes in Texas after an armed robber stole $400 cash from her till. The store said she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time. Now Popeyes have offered to take her back and have offered her $2,000 in backpay.


Researchers at Harvard University studied ancient human remains from 5,700 BC to 800 BC . They analysed ancient DNA extracted from 13 individuals buried in the Great Hungarian Plain . They found that early Europeans had dark skin for far longer than previously thought . This was due to lightening as early humans migrated north from Africa . Instead of lightening , these first Homo sapiens retained their dark skin


PFA have announced their six-man shortlist for Young Player of the Year . Harry Kane and Eden Hazard will among the front runners for the award . Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals for Tottenham this season . Hazard has been instrumental for table-toppers Chelsea this campaign .


Jose Mourinho 's ` back seven ' of Thibaut Courtois , Branislav Ivanovic , Gary Cahill , John Terry and Cesar Azpilicueta protected by Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas . Mario Balotelli 's first start in a Premier League game since November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before . Spurs collectively outran Southampton to earn their 2-2 draw at St Mary 's . Louis van Gaal


For the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts . Wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen . Victoria Hoffman , founder and CEO of Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria , reveals she 's had clients request special access to exclusive events .


Didier Drogba has 15 goals against Arsenal for Chelsea and Galatasaray . He averages a strike every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against Arsenal . Drogba could be Chelsea 's only fit striker for Sunday 's trip to The Emirates . READ : Chelsea fans storm Emirates Stadium and turn Arsenal sign blue . Martin Keown : Deep down , Jose Mourinho admires Arsene Wenger 's work .


Obama 's record is lowest since Truman left office in 1953 having hosted six . State Department pays cost of each event , which averages around $ 500,000 . Obama concerned about expense during worst economic slide since 1930s .


Demi Moore and Bruce Willis purchased the south tower penthouse at the San Remo in 1990 , in addition to a maisonette on the lobby floor . Moore appears to have won the penthouse in the couple 's 2000 split . She is now selling the 14-room penthouse at a $ 75million asking price , since she does n't spend much time at the home anymore . If it sells at that price , it will break the record for most expensive Upper West Side co-op ever sold . Moore and Willis were married for 13 years and share three daughters .


Light Gold Moto 360 is available for customers to pre-order online from O2 . Customers ordering before 10 pm on 20 April will receive watch on 21 April . It will then go on general sale from O2 stores on 23 April for £ 249.99 .


Gang have been jailed for a total of 31 years for sexually abusing children . Offences happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in Banbury . Lured victims to parties organised on social media and then abused them . Girls aged between 13 and 16 were exploited by the gang from 2009 to 2014 .


Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants . The United Nations says the attacks began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers . The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25 % , according to government figures . The attacks came as residents accused immigrants of taking their jobs .


Rafael Nadal beat Spanish compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1. World No 4 is looking to win his ninth title at the Barcelona Open. Almagro has dropped out of the top 100 after foot surgery.


Images from Dawn reveal the mysterious spots on the surface , named feature one and feature five , in infrared . Feature one is cooler than rest of surface , but give is in a region that is similar in temperature to surroundings . Leading theory for spots is that ice covered by a thin layer of soil is exploding due to pressure in the asteroid .


Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in first leg at Vicente Calderon . Mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarter-final match . The Atletico striker came to blows with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal . Diego Simeone says Mandzukic should be fit for Wednesday 's second leg .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's aunt , Maret Tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told Time in an interview this week that he was wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. . conspiracy . The family members could offer no evidence to back up their claims . They have also tried to get messages to Tsarnae V , urging him to fire his defense lawyers . The family


kevin pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against oxford mccu on sunday . alec stewart and nasser hussain have backed the surrey batsman . stewart says pietersen should not look any further than the next innings .


SNP will vote against ` any bit of spending ' it disagrees with after election . Nationalist MPs could paralyse the UK government by blocking legislation . Threat came as Labour 's Angela Eagle said they would speak to any party . SNP suggests it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom over Trident if he is PM .


neuroscientists john kounios and mark beeman have written a new book, "the eureka factor" the book explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for insights . spaciousness helps broaden thoughts, while dim lighting and dark colors suppress it .


Southern metal bands Khaotika and Wormreich were in 15-person van . Eight injured in crash after van comes 300ft off the Georgia interstate . Three men who died were thrown from the vehicle as it hit trees . Atlanta-based Khaotika , Alabama-based Wormreich were heading to show .


Martin Odegaard signed for Real Madrid in a £ 2.3 m deal in January . The 16-year-old has been dropped by the club 's B-team Castilla . Zinedine Zidane is desperate to secure promotion for the Castilla side .


Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty to snatch Saracens' semi-final berth. Referee Nigel Owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call was the correct decision. England's first team through to the semi-finals in the European Rugby Champions Cup semis.


CF-18 Hornets bomb a garrison near ISIS ' de facto capital of Raqqa , Canada says . The Canadian military has conducted dozens of strikes against ISIS in Iraq .


Of the 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three were investigated for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. Three of the women were convicted of war crimes and were sentenced to prison. But they have been deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished.


Students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory . Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals . The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in Garissa , Kenya .


Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman 's body in his car . The man ran into bushland after officers stopped the car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley , on the far south coast of NSW . ` Show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man . Daniella D


Floyd Mayweather will have $ 25,000 mouthguard for Manny Pacquiao bout . The mouthguard to contain diamonds , gold and $ 100 dollar bills . He also spent $ 300,000 on Mercedes ` Land Yacht ' people carrier . Carl Foch unlikely to meet Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .


Huge inflatable nicknamed Ba Di has been placed at a commercial complex . Doll features a slide , ball pit and a sex education area for children to visit . Inflatable woman is entered through the right heel and exited via the left .


in england alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping dementia patients . the final week of our major good health series turns our attention to the carers . here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier .


People magazine has named actress Sandra Bullock the most beautiful woman in the world . `` Be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job with the lunch , '' she says .


Michael Vaughan said Alastair Cook 's movement had improved since last year . Cook was caught for 13 moments after Vaughan 's praise . Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year .


Inquest into parking in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells. Inspectors in two Welsh towns found parking officers reluctant to issue tickets. The council could not understand why it was losing money on parking restrictions.


Actress Jane Horrocks drives her teenagers Dylan and Molly down Route 1 . The travel from San Francisco to the City of Angels in three weeks . ` Take your foot off the gas , relax and take it all in ' says Jane .


Chris Smalling joins Twitter just days before the Manchester derby . The 25-year-old posted a photo of himself and his girlfriend Sam Cooke . Smalling could return for the clash after missing the win over Aston Villa . READ : Manchester United players train ahead of Sunday 's big derby . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Sarah Brennan , 36 , was on the IVF waiting list when she became pregnant . Project manager from south Wales went into labour at 33 weeks . Couple had ten pregnancies , none of which went past 12 weeks .


Becky James is in her last week of rehab following a serious knee injury . James is hoping she can resume ` normal training ' in upcoming weeks . The 23-year-old supported boyfriend George North during Six Nations .


ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . the 41-year-old was fired on wednesday after a poor run of form . he was reinstated the next day after owner angelo massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'


In total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger -LRB- part lion , part tiger -RRB- were taken from Kenny Hetrick 's Stony Ridge farm . State officials found he did n't have the right permit and cages were ` unsafe ' But now the 72-year-old is fighting to overturn the seizure , backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie does n't pose a threat . ` He 's lost without them , ' said Josh Large , who lives four houses away .


Woman , 84 , was helping her husband park when he accelerated into her . She suffered a serious head injury , as well as broken bones and a throat injury . She was taken to hospital and placed in a medically-induced coma . She remains in a critical but stable condition .


Larry Upright , a staunch Republican , died Monday at a North Carolina hospital . His family made just two requests in his obituary . `` We know he 's up there giggling right now , just laughing out loud , '' his son says . `` May you rest in peace . I will vote for Hillary if she is the best candidate , '' an anonymous commenter says


Chief tells CNN that deadly force was warranted . Chief : If suspect ended up shooting people , police would be answering different questions . Incident happened February 19 in town near Tucson , Arizona .


Footage shows a traffic stop and early interactions between Officer Michael Slager and Walter Scott . The two men speak , and then Scott gets out of the car , running . Slager , charged with murder , was fired from the North Charleston Police Department .


Abraham Lincoln and George Washington were gay , says a new book by Larry Kramer , 79 , who is a gay activist and award winning writer . In ` The American People , ' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln 's spurned gay lover . The book claims that the original Jamestown settlement was all male and that men would have sexual relationships when there were no women . Larry Kramer claims that many historians do n't have ` gaydar ' and could n't recognize gay attributes .


The miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g , will now weigh just 12g . Cadbury 's spokesman Julian Polachek said : ` We 're making a change to the size of the product because of manufacturing cost increases that we can no longer absorb ' In February , chocolate lovers expressed their anger after Cadbury announced plans to reduce the size . of their family blocks by ` one row '


Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood faces Chris Ramsey 's QPR on Tuesday . Both clubs are fighting relegation from the Premier League this season . Sherwood and Ramsey will put their friendship aside when they meet .


Despite having several tattoos while in the Marines , Sgt. Daniel Knapp has been denied re-enlistment because of his ink . After leaving he got a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for Marine riflemen on his forearm . The tattoo contravenes the organization 's strict policy concerning size and placement . ` My tattoos never stopped me from shooting anyone , ' said Knapp of Jacksonville , North Carolina . He is now considering joining the Army which has less stringent rules about body ink .


Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup , Zayla . Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .


Countries around the world have launched massive aid operations to help victims of the Nepal earthquake . Dispute over distribution of humanitarian aid faces challenges as Nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster . Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid . Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of


Clip shows Nancy Kanwisher , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors . A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off . The short video was posted on the scientist 's Brain Talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain .


oklahoma deputy says he meant to use his taser but ended up firing his handgun . experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body .


Alexandra Allen , 17 , from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . Admitted to hospital with internal bleeding and painful joints , and unable to breathe after a trip to Flaming Gorge which has water activities .


Idyllic two-bed log cabin nestled down private country lane in New Forest . The 76sq ft hideaway is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . Cabin encircled by 141,000 acres of forest and can be lived in all-year round . Its location near Godshill , Hants , means the cabin is worth more than twice what it would be worth elsewhere .


Pep Guardiola wore the top in a press conference after Bayern Munich beat Porto. The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate journalist's death. Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling back to his hotel was hit by a stolen car.


boy, 14, held in blackburn after police raided house in town on thursday . girl, 16, arrested after police raided house in longsight, manchester, on friday . both were arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism .


hong kong is home to the most millionaires in the world, with 15,400 . new york city follows with 14,300 and london and moscow are not far behind . houston, jakarta, mumbai and ho chi minh city are all rising in popularity .


The Cincinnati Enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday. Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.


Justin Rose finished runner-up in The Masters earlier this month . Rose was joint-second with Phil Mickelson behind Jordan Spieth . Brit will play at TPC Louisiana in the Zurich Classic this week .


Sydney Harbour Bridge is the most ` Instagrammed ' Aussie landmark while the second is Bondi Beach . The Sydney Opera House ranks third in the top 20 list , released by Love Home Swap on Wednesday . Other attractions include the Twelve Apostles in Victoria and the Big Banana in Coffs Harbour , NSW . The home-swapping site says nearly 60 million photos are uploaded to Instagram each day .


Haris Vuckic has spent second half of season on loan at Rangers . Slovenia star has been a success at Ibrox with six goals in 10 games . Newcastle may decide to sell him with one year left on his contract .


Migrant deaths at sea have increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year . Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy . EU critics called for much tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey .


Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby . The Clarets are currently second from bottom in the Premier League . Dyche says he is enjoying life at Turf Moor and is not looking further afield . The Burnley boss is a big fan of Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger .


Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is spearheading the Family Defender Toolkit . The pamphlet includes a card that lists reasons why a person should not be deported under expanded DACA and DAPA policies . Those policies , however , are currently on hold by a court order . Critics claim that the card encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants .


The 26-year-old Victoria 's Secret Angel is Max Factor 's latest face . Campaign celebrates Max Factor 's former allegiance with Marilyn Monroe . The make-up brand is credited with transforming her look in the 30s .


Kris Commons fired Celtic into the lead on the stroke of half-time . Partick Thistle 's James Craigen was sent off before the penalty . Stefan Johansen doubled the home side 's advantage in the 63rd minute .


Dad Barles Charkley , based in Maryland , shot the video . It shows his daughter watching Disney 's 1994 hit for the first time . Toddler visibly distraught when Mufasa is killed and Simba left fatherless .


Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election. Experts said last night that a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.


Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates , 73 , `` inadvertently '' shot Eric Courtney Harris . Harris ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting . As deputies tried to handcuff Harris , Bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand .


Possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet . Substance perchlorate has been found in the soil , which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice , but is liquid . Life as we know it is ` not likely ' to exist due to planet 's harsh conditions . Finding could make it easier for humans to live on Mars in the future .


Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from charity for terminally ill children. He was volunteering at charity for children who have a terminal illness. But he did not return the equipment after he left the charity.


Bettie Jo, from Houston, Texas, was housebound and unable to care for herself. But Josh, 24, became her 'caretaker' - helping her go to the toilet and into the shower. She revealed that the pair's relationship had become 'slim to none'


Jose Mourinho was speaking ahead of Chelsea 's visit to Arsenal . He made an effort to play down talk of not respecting Arsene Wenger . But Mourinho was stunned by a cleverly worded question regarding his clashes with Wenger and Chelsea 's title bid . Mourinho : Cesc Fabregas chose Chelsea over Arsenal to win trophies . CLICK HERE for Arsenal vs Chelsea team news and probable line ups .


Barry Lyttle pleads guilty to causing grievous bodily harm . He allegedly struck his brother Patrick during a night out on January 3 . Barry is negotiating with prosecutors for a lesser charge . Irish brothers Barry and Patrick Lyttle hoping to return home soon .


New programming tools can rapidly adapt Apple and Android apps . Firm also revealed new browser to replace IE will be called Edge .


FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout . Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight .


Alan Pardew says Crystal Palace's leading assets do not want to leave. Palace boss insists that any players that go will not be sold cheaply. Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's demolition of Sunderland last week.


DNA analysis of the bones of ` Altamura Man ' has revealed they belong to a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago . Over the thousands of years that followed , the body decayed and the remaining bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls . The DNA is the oldest to ever be extracted from a. Neanderthal and the researchers now hope to further analyse the genetic information from the skeleton .


Nina Moric , 38 , appeared in the video for Ricky Martin 's hit song La Vida Loco . She posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her Instagram account . Ms Moric told her fans that she was recovering at home after being treated in hospital on Saturday night .


Maksims Uvarenko revealed he has not been paid for three months . The CSKA Sofia goalkeeper asked his parents to send him rent money . The Bulgarian club are struggling with financial problems .


Celtic crashed lost to 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final . The referee failed to spot a handball from Inverness player Josh Meekings . The decision denied Celtic a penalty during a crucial point of the game . Van Dijk was sent off against Inter Milan in the last 32 of the Champions League in February .


James Tingley , 70 , was sentenced 25 to 50 years in prison for molesting at least secen young girls . ` Mr. Tingley , basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children , ' said Judge Thomas Wilson . Mr. Tingley 's ` accomplice ' Randy Stevens was also convicted of sexual misconduct for ` allowing Tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults ' Stevens , a father of 14 , will be sentenced on April 16 .


Young Belgian Jason Denayer has impressed on loan with Celtic . Former Hoops captain Tom Boyd claims the defender is ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City next season . Ronny Deila is looking at Hearts defender Danny Wilson to fill the void .


Chancey Luna convicted of murder for gunning down Oklahoma college student as he jogged . Police : Luna and his friends `` were bored '' so they decided to kill somebody .


New Belgium Brewery will make a beer inspired by Ben & Jerry 's ice cream . It will be called `` Salted Caramel Brownie ''


Arsenal are looking for their eighth victory in succession against Burnley . Manchester City also managed seven wins on the bounce this season . The Gunners can match their own record if they win their remaining games . Manchester United , Chelsea and Liverpool are also high on our countdown .


Candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . She underwent surgery and radiation treatment to ` mop up ' the cancer . Ms Fox rejected conventional treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online . Her diet program involved her drinking ` morning juice ' , dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins .


Serena Williams won her eighth Miami Open title on Saturday . She won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition in Miami . The unbeaten world No 1 has now won 12 consecutive finals .


Indian man , 41 , accused of posting insulting status about Islamic Prophet . Allegedly told police he wrote the status after watching footage of Iraq War . If found guilty he faces up to seven years in prison , a huge fine , or both .


Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . Louis van Gaal was Barca manager when Iniesta was given his debut . Iniesta said his debut was the most important day of his career . The Spain international also praised Manchester United boss Van Gaal .


Theo Walcott has just over a year left on his current £ 90,000-a-week deal . Liverpool and Manchester City are interested in the Arsenal winger . Walcott has fallen down the pecking order at the Emirates this season . The 26-year-old wants to be playing regularly under Arsene Wenger . Walcott will open talks about his future over the next two weeks .


Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $ 1.6 billion fraud case in 2009 . The software services exporter 's chairman , Ramalinga Raju , admitted inflating profits . Satyam had been India 's fourth-largest software services provider .


The $ 2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some medical instruments . The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February . The company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff .


John Goodwin , 75 , of Atkinson , New Hampshire , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . He had pleaded not guilty in the case in which prosecutors said he repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 . The former student said he did n't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed . Court officials said he shot himself outside his car while not in custody . He was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries but his condition has not been disclosed .


Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by partners Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel for a double date on Sunday night . The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children 's Hospital on Saturday . Wolfsburg beat Hamburg 2-0 and Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 .


No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . In the mountains , Interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy Vail Pass . Meanwhile , lagging Colorado River to keep relief from drought-weary Californians .


ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to sats exam answers, hearing told . the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself . probe by local education authority led to department for education annulling results . guffick was forced to give up his job at mitton manor primary school in gloucestershire .


Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi , UAE . Khan 's hopes of taking on Floyd Mayweather Jr in Las Vegas have faded . PacMan 's promoter Bob Arum has a mega offer for a UAE fight late in 2015 . Khan is a hero of the Muslim world and his lure in the Middle East is clear . The Brit will be ringside when the Money Man fights the PacMan on May 2 . Khan must first win interim bout with Chris Algieri in New York on May 29 .


Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, in October. The pair met thanks to a car accident in August 2013. The pair had been dating since May the year before.


Zachary Davis , 17 , is on trial for the murder of his mother and attempted murder of his brother . Brutally bludgeoned Melanie Davis to death in her own bed in August 2012 . Then set fire to the family home in an attempt to kill his older brother Josh . The teen confessed to the arson and murder but alleged sexual abuse . Police have found no evidence of rape and Josh Davis , 19 , has denied it .


Cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . The words ` Star Wars ' , in the movie 's distinctive font , adorn the body . Designed in anticipation of the latest scheduled offering , ` Star Wars : The Force Awakens ' in December .


Manchester United beat their rivals City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . Louis van Gaal celebrated the derby demolition at Wing 's restaurant . Van Gaal was snapped with City 's Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen . City striker Duggan uploaded the snap to Instagram of her with Van Gaal . England women 's international Duggan later deleted the post . Juan Mata , Daley Blind and Ander Herrera also celebrated the victory .


Sam Barton had £ 55,000 of plastic surgery including two NHS operations . 22-year-old says trolls traced him online then egged him in the street . Celebrity wannabe says abuse over his appearance forced him to move . But he has also gone bankrupt financing cosmetic surgery and partying .


professor ninian peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture . he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head . prof peckitt claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face . he denied any wrongdoing and was 'erased' from the medical register .


The crew of the Liana 's Ransom were forced to abandon ship after their vessel lost power in rough seas off the coast of Maine . The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday , and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester , Massachusetts , to try and tow the vessel to shore , but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break .


Chris Ramsey praises Tony Pulis as one of the best coaches in Britain . The Queens Park Rangers boss says he wo n't be asking for his advice . QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday in crucial relegation clash . CLICK HERE for all the latest QPR news .


scientists at texas tech university found older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over their retirement . more than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis . those who sold at lowest point eight years ago with £100,000 pension would only have £63,000 today . if they had resisted temptation, same pot would be worth £141,000 today . comes just days before retirees in britain are given power to decide how to spend their life savings for the first time ever .


Court has adjourned for the day after more than seven hours of deliberations . Jurors sent out two questions that are set to be addressed Wednesday . If Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , trial will go to penalty phase .


Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon . Sean Dyche 's side would have escaped the bottom three had they won . Spurs ' hopes of a top-four spot look to have evaporated . Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with a point .


Her Majesty 's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers . It is more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales . Spain 's King Felipe and Queen Letizia come next and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot .


Group of young thugs are terrorising High Green estate in Sheffield . Youngsters are using BB guns and air rifles to shoot at cars and homes . Terrified residents on estate say they are being ` held to ransom ' by yobs . Claim woman was shot at and concerned someone will be seriously injured .


helal abbas, 55, lost his bid to become mayor of tower hamlets in east london . the race was won by lutfur rahman, 50, a controversial figure . mr rahman has been accused in a separate high court case of rigging his re-election victory last year .


Muslim Engagement and Development -LRB- Mend -RRB- has made the claims . Says it has been in talks with both the Tory and Labour leadership . Mend is said to have links to a number of extremists .


A judge this week sentenced a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker. During the investigation, detectives with the Metro Nashville Police Department also found that the agent, 33-year-old Daniel Boykin, entered the woman's house multiple times, where he took videos, photos and other data. Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.


Jordan Henderson has signed a new five-year deal at Anfield . The England international is hoping to add to his trophy cabinet . Henderson has urged Raheem Sterling to follow lead by signing new deal .


Scottish First Minister said Mr Miliband simply ` wo n't have the votes ' She reiterated her call for Labour to ` work together to lock the Tories out ' Mr Miliband this morning insisted he would not make any deals with SNP . Labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland - where it has 41 MPs .


Diovani de Jesus posted the photo on his blog on Earth Day . The shallow water in Apo Island , Negros Oriental , Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles , so spottings are n't uncommon . The turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters .


Louis van Gaal celebrated beating Manchester City at Wing 's restaurant . The Chinese restaurant regularly welcomes celebrities and star footballers . Wing Shing Chu owns the restaurant based in Manchester 's city centre . United and England captain Wayne Rooney is a regular at Wing 's . Radamel Falcao , Mario Balotelli and Joe Hart have been other visitors . The most expensive bottle of wine -- a 1983 Chateau Margaux -- costs £ 999 .


Caroline Wozniacki joined by NFL star J.J. . Watt in the stands on Monday . The pair watched a NCAA Final Four basketball championship game . The pair were beaten 68-63 by the Duke Blue Devils at Lucas Oil Stadium .


Footage has been released of the moment Barry Lyttle punched his brother . Altercation left Barry 's younger brother Patrick Lyttle fighting for his life . Video shows Patrick pushing Barry and the latter retaliates with one punch . Patrick 's head snaps back before he falls and hits head against pavement . It also shows a distressed Barry cradling brother while trying to revive him . Prosecutor called for Barry to get jail time as Patrick pleaded to spare him . Barry Lyttle , 33 , has pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm . Incident between the two brothers happened on January 3 in King 's Cross .


Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal . The only issue right now is how he 's choosing to go about doing it . Liverpool forward should realise that £ 100k-a-week is a generous offer . Switching to another club now would not be good idea for his development .


Tom Brady said he is "so proud of" Gisele Bundchen. The former Supermodel walked the runway for the last time Wednesday. The 34-year-old model announced her retirement last weekend.


An annual photography competition produced some amazing works that give some insight into life on the land . Judges look for images that illustrate the Northern Territory 's unique outback lifestyle and their distinct people . Marie Muldoon won the competition with a heartwarming shot of her daughter cuddling up to a horse . The categories include ` Industry at work or play ' , ` NT landcapes ' and ` Best portrait of person or animal ' The competition is run in conjunction with the Northern Territory Cattlemen 's Association 's annual conference .


Two-year-old Oratilwe Hlongwane can wow fans by playing music on DJ kit . Performing under DJ name of ` AJ ' , toddler plays house music from a laptop . He still wears nappies and ca n't yet talk but has a legion of fans for DJ-ing . Parents believe his ability stemmed from DJ app he taught himself to use .


Nicola Sturgeon was hailed the shock winner of the TV debate. Average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead – and to the Tories' delight, he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen 'most capable of leading the country'


Paula Radcliffe will run her final competitive marathon on Sunday . The former World Champion says she is likely to cry . Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25 . The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships .


Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story about orthorexia nervosa . The I Quit Sugar author was pictured alongside wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans . Wilson complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article . Wilson , who has an autoimmune disease , quit sugar in 2011 ` as an


Libyan army head Gen . Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities had not been consulted . `` Military action against Libyan territory is an unwise decision , '' he says . EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers .


Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, an increase of 2% from 2013. A record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up by a third (32 per cent) to 80,200, or 220 a day. Experts say the rise was partly because victims were 'more willing' to report sex crimes.


Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay . Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery , false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates ' Court tomorrow .


Myer is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd . The department store is understood to have brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as European and American retailers . The move is said to be an attempt to revive the iconic department store 's Australian market .


Jack Grealish was excellent in FA Cup semi final victory . Tim Sherwood praises his young star , who outshone Liverpool midfield . Grealish was wearing children 's shin-pads during the Wembley fixture .


Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday . James Collins scored an own goal and Sergio Aguero 's 20th Premier League goal of the season was enough to give City the three points . Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against West Ham . Ivorian Jesus Navas played a major role in City 's first two goals . The Ivoran


Edwin ` Jock ' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old she had visa problems . He told her he could make a call and help her stay in Britain , court hears . Sergeant then allegedly attacked the teenager and nearly suffocated her . Mee , 46 , denies carrying out a string of rapes and sexual assaults .


Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of world 's population . Largest proportion of Muslims likely to be in India , data showed . Research was completed by the Pew Research Center in America .


Two guests found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide. Holland America Line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.


Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon . UEFA Champions League quarter-final dominated by second half scraps . Mario Mandzukic was in wars following battles with Real Madrid defenders . Raphael Varane , Daniel Carvajal and Sergio Ramos tussled with striker .


Wisconsin police arrested private investigator Dwayne Powell in 2013 who claimed he was hired by Church of Scientology to spy on Ron Miscavige . David Miscavige 's 79-year-old father had left the church a couple of years ago . Powell reportedly told police his job was to track Miscavige 's movements , read his emails and listen in on his conversations . David Miscavige allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his father during a medical emergency . Church of Scientology and David Miscavige 's attorneys vehemently denied Powell 's claims .


Two incisors found in northern Italy have been confirmed to belong to modern humans who were part of the Protoaurignacian culture in Europe . These people had sophisticated tool making , early art and wore ornaments . Their arrival in southern Europe coincided with demise of the Neanderthals . Researchers used CT scanning and DNA analysis to identify origin of teeth .


Chelsy , 29 , wore ripped jeans and chic blazer on night out in London . It was the second consecutive night out for Prince Harry 's ex . Joined friends on Tuesday at launch of The Ivy Club , Chelsea .


Father Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Coventry, escaped death by millimetres. He was driving on the A444 when his car crashed into the back of a lorry. Ambulance staff and firefighters were working to release him and were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided.


The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world's population. By 2100 around one per cent more of the world's population will be Muslim than Christian. The largest proportion of followers in India.


South Africa marks 21 years since the first free election . Nation celebrates amid recent violent attack on immigrants .


Loganair Aberdeen to Shetland flight struck by lightning on approach . Plunged to just 1,100 ft above the ocean before pilot regained control . Probe found autopilot ignored pilot 's commands to climb and tried to crash .


Sasha Obama , 14 , was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday . Reporters initially seemed to fear that the unscheduled departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president 's destination . The family 's hike happened to take place during the National Park Service 's


Two large cruise ships - Anthem of the Seas and Explorer of the Seas - both sailing out of Southampton this summer . The liners , both owned by Royal Caribbean , were spotted passing each other in Southampton Docks earlier today . The Anthem of the Seas is now the world 's largest cruise ship with room for nearly 5,000 passengers and 16 decks . Sister ship , the Explorer of the Seas , has recently undergone refurbishment and will sail around the Mediterranean .


Romanian-born Alexandra Harra , 28 , has become an Instagram star . Model , who 's posed for Playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages . After dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian .


australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing . the research was presented at the computer-human interaction conference in seoul .


The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city 's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . As officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers . Even after the truck was towed by crane at about 8 : 30 am , traffic


The cubs were a month-old when they were presented to public . According to the zoo their teeth have already started to grow . The two cubs have also reportedly reached ideal weight of 3 kg . Jaguars are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock .


Girl identified as Joselyn Alejandra Niño was stuffed in a beer cooler . Picture of her body was uploaded before it was dismembered . She gained notoriety when a an image of her holding a rifle circulated . Two assassins , or ` sicarias ' , before her are behind bars .


The Cleveland ` house of horrors ' survivors have written a book , Hope : A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland , which will be released on April 27 . Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro , a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio . Castro lured them into his house with


mamadou sakho limped off during liverpool's fa cup quarter-final win against blackburn rovers on wednesday . the french centre-back faces three to four weeks out with a hamstring injury . kolo toure is set to start against newcastle united at anfield on monday .


Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton for Tottenham last year . The Argentine is returning to St Mary 's for the first time since signing a five-year deal . Fans are campaigning to show support for Koeman and his brother . They are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours . CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news .


Andy Carroll is currently out injured nursing a knee ligament damage . The West Ham striker posted a photo of him posing on a wooden throne . Carroll will miss the rest of the season but should be back for pre-season . CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham United news .


The council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber. He left in December after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period. The rest of the cabinet resigned in February, after a Government report said the council was 'not fit for purpose' and 'in denial' about exploitation.


Kenneth Lombardi was a red carpet reporter for CBS New York . He claims Duane Tollison , a senior producer , grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues at a December 2013 work party . Tollison later sent an email saying : ` If you were n't offended lets do it again ' Lombardi also claims Evening News Directior Albert Colley touched and kissed him over drinks in May 2014 . He is suing CBS , Tollison and Colley for unspecified damages .


Cath Kidston , aden + anais and Les Petites Abeilles boosted by George . Everything he has worn - and similar designs - sold out instantly . George effect has boosted high street copy-cat sales . Royal baby number two , who is due within weeks , is likely to do the same .


Louise Nesbitt was employed as an office bookkeeper at a Perth company . She mistakenly sent a text message to boss calling him ` a complete d *** ' It was sent on January 12 last year and she was fired for gross misconduct . The long-time employee claims it was meant to be a ` light-hearted insult ' But the Fair Work Commission ruled against her , saying text was ` hurtful '


Tony Pulis wants to talk with West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace. The Baggies finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke last season. Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market.


Graph show dominant colours of 94,526 artworks from 1800 to 2000 . Orange and yellow have always been the most popular colour . In recent years blue has begun to catch up - and nobody is sure why .


Manny Pacquiao was greeted by thousands of fans at the Mandalay Bay hotel . The PacMan is the happiest soul in Las Vegas , smiling , cracking jokes and bidding everyone welcome . He has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across . ` I ca n't say Mayweather is the most dangerous opponent of my career because I have n't fought him yet , '


real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 on aggregate in champions league quarter-final . javier hernandez scored the winning goal for real in the 88th minute . real defender raphael varane filmed the team's entrance to the santiago bernabeu .


Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown . John Wild , from Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire , was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service , pay compensation and cover court fees . Kick It Out , who work within football to promote equality and encourage inclusive practices , has responded to Brown 's concerns following Wild 's conviction .


Mainline , in Swindon , wants drivers from Bulgaria , Poland and Romania . They are offering £ 100 to each driver who can recruit from those countries . Company said they tried scheme in the UK but few people came forward . Crisis will re-ignite claims that Britain 's welfare system has created generation unwilling to work .


Jams mean Ukip leader forced to pull the plug on farm visit in Staffordshire . Last year blamed ` open door immigration ' for getting stuck in traffic on M4 . Plans to attack the Tories over refusal to spend 2 % of GDP on defence .


Austin Hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his Wimauma home last week . Hatfield bragged about how many times he 'd kissed the snake . The snake escaped from its pillow case and slithered across Hatfield 's stomach and off his bed . Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition . Bites from the cottonmouth are


Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in one of London's most historic monuments. They called for others to join them. It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'


SNP is on course to wipe out the Liberal Democrats in Scotland. Even Charles Kennedy, their former leader, is 15 points behind. Labour concedes 'no gloss' could be put on the polls and warned Cameron will walk back into Downing Street again.


Cheng Chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother . He spent six months researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements . The finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4 kg and comes with helmet , gloves and backpack . But Cheng said he was was too ` chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .


New York police detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended pending internal investigation . He is accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid , police say .


Ruben Navarrette : Rolling Stone 's mistakes are regrettable but understandable . He says the magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not . He asks why Rolling Stone did n't fire , demote or discipline anybody at Rolling Stone .


Health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.


Anne Germain , 86 , was killed by the flood waters on Wednesday . She was making a quick trip to the shops when her car washed away . Bystanders stripped off and dove into the icy waters to try and save her and her car was dragged by the fast waters in Maitland . She had wanted to go and see her husband in a nursing home but knew it would n't be safe . NSW Premier Mike Baird visited the area and is ` shocked ' by devastation .


BBC Radio Derby broadcaster died in hospice at 7.05 am yesterday morning . Touched thousands of listeners with openness as he battled skin cancer . Heartbroken colleagues and stars have paid tribute to talented broadcaster . Name chanted at Derby County 's match at Millwall and Shrewsbury Town players wore T-shirts with his name as they gained promotion yesterday .


the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film american sniper . it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students . however a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech .


Bradley Dew was drinking with his deaf friend at pub in Faversham in Kent . He later stole his friend 's mobile and hit him in the face to steal £ 10 . Dew fled , hiding from police in toilets of a pub close to his friend 's house . The 26-year-old was jailed for two years and labelled a ` bully ' by police .


moira gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at st james's palace yesterday morning . she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster, west london . she was the fifth cyclist killed on london's roads this year . ms gemmill had recently been chosen to oversee renovations at windsor castle .


In 2013 , Anthony Stokes ' family said a hospital refused him a heart due to his `` history of noncompliance '' Hospital eventually gave Stokes a heart ; on Tuesday he carjacked someone , burglarized a home , police said . Stokes shot at an elderly woman , hit a pedestrian with a stolen car and died in a police chase , authorities said .


Jason Denayer has impressed while on loan at Celtic from Manchester City . The 19-year-old defender is out of contract at the end of the season . Celtic are keen to keep hold of the Belgian defender . But City boss Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent .


isis has released a list of 'religious punishments' for its followers . includes 'death' for anyone who insults god or blasphemes against islam . others include 'highway robbery' and 'slander' punishable by death .


Adam Leheup , 34 , was found not guilty of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court . The architect , from Hersham , Surrey , had been wooing 35 women online . The 25-year-old woman , who cannot be named , claimed he ignored her cries of ` no ' He said : ` In my experience girls say no , but they do n't


Mourners gathered outside St Peter 's to pay tribute to nine-year-old Chloe . Schoolgirl was snatched in front of her mother by Zbigniew Huminsk , 38 . She was raped and murdered and her body discovered in a migrant camp .


Jim Ratcliffe is the founder and chairman of chemical giant Ineos . The Swiss-based billionaire said the house would be his only UK home . The house features several revolutionary energy saving measures . The home 's heating and hot water systems all use renewable energy .


Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern three-bedroom home . The home , dubbed ` PV14 , ' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and has a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas . Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that built his home and thus


rangers beat dumbarton 3-1 on saturday in the scottish championship . ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut for rangers . the 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances .


Arsenal target Joe Gomez is one of the most wanted British youngsters . He has enjoyed a breakthrough season at Charlton and is rated at £ 8m . Gomez is currently playing at right back but could be a centre half . Manchester City want more young English players and are Arsenal 's biggest threat .


Sir Bruce said it can be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than to let someone die . Said he would like the right to be able to chose the timing of his own death . He cared for first wife Penny Calvert after she was moved into care in 2008 . Ms Calvert , whom he divorced in 1973 , died in 2014 after battling dementia .


Louis van Gaal wanted Ander Herrera to control the ball before shooting . Van Gaal was delighted by the composure for Herrera 's first goal . The Manchester United boss said he kissed Herrera at half-time .


Susan and Mike Fortuna of Shelburne , Vermont say their daughter Mandy suffered an unexplained health deterioration soon after treatment . The parents learned their daughter had been treated by the same doctor who previously caused a 7-year-old boy to overdose , lawyers say . In that case , Botox maker Allergan was forced to pay the family nearly $ 7million .


Alejandro Valverde won ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini . Chris Froome finished 123rd after a crash during the final 12 kilometres . Team Sky 's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing . Rasch said Froome was ` banged up ' but expects to ride Tour de Romandie .


london-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike . called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . crispin sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site indiegogo . the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor . it can reach speeds of 20mph in the us and 15.5mph in the eu .


Italian police arrested three Syrian men who were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht. It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 to make the crossing. The total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.


Rafa Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia , Liverpool , Inter Milan , Chelsea and Napoli since 2002 . Benitez 's contract at Napoli is up in the summer and he is set to a manager in demand . Manchester City and West Ham are two clubs who could be interest in him .


Verona substitute Mounir Obbadi scored late to secure all three points . Obbadi stunned the home side as goal in added time earned them win . Alessandro Diamanti missed a penalty for Fiorentina in the second half . Vincenzo Montella had no complaints as his side paid dearly for misses .


dina amos-larkin, 21, was attending sports festival in salou, spain . she fell from fourth floor balcony while talking to her mother on phone . law student was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and told of injuries when she was brought round a week ago .


Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 . Chef Q Quiana Jeffries prepares US boxer 's food using organic produce . She says champ has a soft spots for Twizzlers , noodles and fried hotdogs .


Study by Socialist MP Guillaume Garot urges eateries to embrace ` le doggy bag ' Throwing still-edible food away costs the average French household $ 400 -LRB- # 285 -RRB- . UN report found 1.3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year .


Susie Clark , of Evening Shade , Arkansas , found the diamond on Thursday at Crater of Diamonds State Park . The 3.69-carat gem is teardrop-shaped about the size of a pinto bean . Park interpreter said it 's the largest of the 122 diamonds found this year .


Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado , 26 , from Chiapas , Mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in Provo , Utah , April 16 . There is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared . She usually talked with family in Mexico every day , he said . A volunteer search is scheduled for Saturday .


Tom Varndell scores three as Wasps pull away at the Kassam Stadium . London Welsh put up a brave fight but fall away late in the game . Ashley Johnson , Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua all score tries .


Bristol City have been promoted from League One to the Championship . James Tavernier opened the scoring for the Robins after 16minutes . Joe Bryan doubled the visitor 's first-half lead with a close range header . Luke Ayling scored a third before Aden Flint added another with a header . Tevernier added his second and Aaron Wilbraham completed the rout .


president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america's 'national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns, which rely heavily on tourist dollars . 'climate change can no longer be denied. it can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day . 'that’s why i’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat,'


Group called Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets . They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather . Holly Leonard found an advert on Craigslist using a Nexus 5 phone . She said : ` You ca n't even get a paper application for a lot of things ' The Bay Area have one of


Manchester City have been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling . Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal . Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be step up for Sterling . Indicating it will take the Manchester club 20 years to eclipse Liverpool .


bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 on penalties in the german cup . pep guardiola is concerned about his team without franck ribery and arjen robben . robben is out until may with a stomach muscle tear .


There are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the Premier League . Leicester , Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the championship , but Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink . Sportsmail 's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years .


lionel messi missed both of argentina's games during the international break . the barcelona star faces tests on thursday to determine if he can play . espn claim messi's injury was the result of a tackle by martin demichelis .


High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula . The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination .


Jafar Adeli thought he had been chatting to a 14-year-old girl he met online . Arranged to meet the girl at a Leicester bus station so they could have sex . But he had been duped by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting . Was arrested and now been jailed for attempted to arrange a child sex offence .


Moises Henriques will join Surrey after the Indian Premier League . He will be with them throughout their Blast campaign and also as overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara - depending on the veteran Sri Lanka batsman 's Test commitments . Henriques is capped by his country in all formats but not selected for the forthcoming Ashes .


Ian Guffick , 31 , allowed pupils to make changes outside exam conditions . He also made changes to the pupil 's work before the papers were sent off . Probe was launched after officials were tipped off he breached exam rules . A disciplinary panel has now banned Guffick from teaching for two years .


Central Arizona Project invested $ 1 million to research cloud seeding . Process involves seeding clouds over the Rockies with silver iodide . Some scientists are concerned about silver building up in river basins . There are also legal uncertainties over who should get additional water .


rio ferdinand believes manchester united are at their best with wayne rooney in attack . ferdinand praised louis van gaal for moving rooney further up the pitch . united have only lost twice in the premier league this season .


Rachel Chapman , nee Friedman , was left paralyzed after being playfully pushed into a pool on her bachelorette party on May 23 , 2010 . She tells DailyMail.com her first question was ` can I still have children ? ' Five years later , Rachelle and husband Chris are days from being parents . Their college friend Laurel Humes offered to be their surrogate . The baby , a girl , is due on April 18 . Click here for more information about Rachelle on her website .


Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday . The Spaniard has just one in five games for club and country this season . The 27-year-old broke Thierry Henry 's Premier League record of 20 assists . He was given just four out of 10 by one Spanish newspaper on Tuesday . Fabresgas was brilliant for Chelsea in their big win away at Swansea in January


Barrick Gold reached an out-of-court settlement with the 11 rape victims . Includes a 14-year-old schoolgirl raped by police patrolling mine in 2010 . The US gold mining giant offered $ 10,000 but was rejected as ` inadequate ' Women are thought to have been offered compensation in the six figures .


Jurors are scheduled to begin deliberations Tuesday morning . If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , the trial will go to the penalty phase . Prosecutor during closing argument : Tsarnaev `` wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors ''


Nicola Sturgeon will today unveil SNP manifesto as a ` bid to lead the UK ' Several of her party 's election pledges will overlap with Labour policies . Others are calculated to drag a minority LAbour government to the left . These include cancelling Trident and halting Tory changes to benefits .


Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's campaign video is a good start, but it's not a strategy. He says in 2014 the GOP's "war on women" failed spectacularly. Zelizer: Democrats who pandered to women at the expense of real issues crashed and burned.


jeremy hunt promised a crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected . he said: 'off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused at management level' his comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties .


Turia Pitt said she starts to sweat and her mouth dries up when she talks about her traumatic bushfire ordeal . She also revealed she was back running and clocked a faster time than before she was injured . The revelation follows after surgeons successfully constructed a new nose . But the 27-year-old stopped breathing on the operating table . Ms Pitt had to be placed on an incubator in order to survive the operation . When she woke up in intensive care , she said she just wanted to die . But Ms Pitt is now proudly showing off her new facial feature .


leeds united assistant manager steve thompson has been suspended . thompson has been suspended until the end of the season . manager neil redfearn is considering his future at elland road .


Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday. He said he would refuse to serve an openly gay person or persons. The mechanic claims he was surprised at how his message has attracted national media attention.


New company will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems . This includes plane which has a wingspan of 385 feet -LRB- 117 metres -RRB- It will be powered by six 747-class engines during first flight in 2016 . Will initially deliver satellites weighing up to 13,500 lbs -LRB- 6,124 kg -RRB- into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles -LRB- 180 km and 2000 km -RRB- above Earth .


St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this August with a human mud foosball tournament. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.


Iran celebrates a breakthrough nuclear deal with the U.S. and other world powers. The accord is a symbol of a fresh start for the country after years of isolation. Iran's foreign minister is greeted in Tehran by cheering crowds.


Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old judo club . Photos of the visit were posted on the International Judo Federation 's official Twitter account alongside a flashback picture of Smalling as a youngster . The 25-year-old was named national champion for his age group .


The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens ` mounting debt has topped # 40m -- the most in rugby history . The club now owe # 41.6 m , according to new filings at Companies House , much of it funded by an unsecured loan from long-standing benefactor Wray and a consortium of South African business associates . A move by Saracens last December to scrap the salary cap drew


Darius is world 's largest rabbit at 4ft 4in , weighing three and a half stone . But his son Jeff is 3ft 8in and still has six months left of growing to do . The monstrous pair are owned by Annette Edwards , of Worcestershire . Both munch through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples per year , costing £ 5,000 .


Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd , the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial , even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction . ` I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , ' she said . Lloyd refused to comment , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son 's murder .


Started dating in July 2014 , two months after her split from ex-husband . Second wedding for Nikki following previous marriage to Paul McDonald . Tied the knot in romantic ceremony in Santa Monica mountains . Guests included Lea Michele and her boyfriend Matthew Paetz .


An artist apologizes for his Lucille Ball statue . In a public letter , the sculptor offers to pay for fixes to the statue . The mayor says he 's not interested in having the original artist work on the statue .


New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s. They are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. The NHS says the guidance will improve patients' end-of-life care.


"furious 7" opens friday . fans have been paying tribute to walker .


Brazil international wants to win his place back at Stamford Bridge . He has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February . ` I do n't see why I would think of leaving , ' said the 23-year-old . Chelsea face resurgent Manchester United in Premier League on Saturday .


Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea under UEFA 's Financial Fair Play rules . United have the financial scope to fund a massive squad , while Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books . Mourinho was fined by the FA after complaining of a ` clear campaign ' against Chelsea in December .


Holidaymakers are willing to travel the world to take in stunning views from man-made or natural vantage points . Brave souls can hang over the edge of Toronto 's CN Tower , which stands 1,815 ft tall . Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft.


Naoki Ogane claims that Chelsea have made a bid for Yoshinori Muto . The FC Tokyo forward says he is still considering a move to London . Muto 's former manager , Ranko Popovic , says his potential is ` amazing ' Jose Mourinho has admitted that he is aware of the Japan international .


President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change this week . Aaron Carroll : `` No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , '' the President said . Carroll : Obama is trying to reframe the discussion around climate change as a public health issue that affects all of us . He says we do n't fully understand the correlation between temperatures


Edmund Echukwu died in pool at swingers ' party in Hertfordshire on Friday . 35-year-old believed to be a Nigerian father-of-three from north London . Owner of mansion says he may have suffered heart attack in water . A post-mortem examination is due to be held today ahead of an inquest .


The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi , Japan . It beat the previous record of 361mph -LRB- 580km / h -RRB- set in 2003 . The seven-car train was able to go so fast because it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway . The technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter and almost twice


Ronny Deila was angry at the referee 's decision to not award his side a penalty and send off Josh Meekings for a handball on the goal line . Inverness went onto win 3-2 after Craig Gordon was rightly sent off . Celtic 's hopes of a domestic treble were dashed at Hampden Park . CLICK HERE for all the latest Celtic news .


Scottish drinkers are so cautious of the country 's new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent . Under the new Scottish drink-drive law , enacted on December 5 , the limit was cut from 80 mg per 100 ml of blood to just 50 mg .


Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show , Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news . Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore . He also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started


A US naval officer suffered serious injuries after plunging off a balcony . Guests at a Perth Hotel heard a disturbance between a man and a woman . Police say the duo were involved in an altercation at about 1 am on Monday . It 's understood the pair were both heavily intoxicated at the time . The man broke his legs and sustained internal injuries , reports say . The 22-year-old was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries . Details of the incident have been handed to the US Navy for investigation .


The Egyptian-themed mansion , advertised online as Pharaoh 's Palace , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood .


Juventus take on Monaco in Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday . Juve coach Massimiliano Allegri warns it could be a ` boring ' game . Monaco beat Arsenal in the last-16 and are the outsiders in the tie .


iRobot is creating wireless lawnmowers guided by radio waves . Gadget and observatories will both use the 6240-6740 MHz band . Astronomers say it could prevent them from detecting methanol . iRobot says chances of interference occurring are ` infinitesimal '


Lib Dem MP said he 's realised it 's ` possible to be business-like ' with Tories . Envisaged scenario where he could ` stomach ' working with Conservatives . But also quick to make clear he does not rule out working with Labour . Thought he was most likely to remain in a government led by Mr Cameron .


Jamie Pettingill avoids prison time after charged with armed robbery . Pettingill threatened to slice off the face of one of the people he robbed . Judge Sandra Davis did not jail Pettingill , due to fears over his surname . Pettingill 's father , Trevor , linked to infamous Walsh Street murders in 1988 . The Pettingill family inspired Australian underworld film , Animal Kingdom .


Heart patients who were more grateful had improved physical health . They had lower markers for inflammation - which can worsen heart failure . They also had better moods , better sleep , and less fatigue , experts found . Writing a ` gratitude journal ' is also linked with better heart health , they said .


Lookalikes Niamh Geany , 26 , and Karen Branigan , 29 , made headlines . The pair , from Ireland , live only an hour apart . A retired priest has also found his doppelgänger , a retired head teacher . London-based journalist Sophie Robehmed found hers in Birmingham . Two male university students found their body doubles on campus .


Two men got in an argument about noise levels on Thursday night . A scuffle broke out and Phillip Pama struck Leon Yeaman once in the head . Mr Yeaman could not be revived and was announced dead at the scene . Pama has no history of violence and is reportedly ` beside himself ' His defence lawyer said he hit out ` blindly ' and did n't see his punch connect . Pama was granted conditional bail and is set to return to court May 18 .


Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas on May 2 . 16,000 fans will pack into MGM Grand to watch the fight which is worth $ 300m . Both Mayweather and Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday ahead of the fight . WATCH : Jeff Powell on Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao 's arrival in Las Vegas . CLICK HERE for all the latest Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao news .


Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide . They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change . The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady , New York . Two decades later ,


Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during Royals' FA Cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford. Sumner, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.


tottenham face newcastle at st james' park on sunday afternoon . spurs boss mauricio pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side . a number of fans plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner mike ashley .


The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of Tokyo . It took two kitties at least three attempts to finally manage to pull out their loudly complaining brother .


Patrick Cherry will be placed on desk duty before being transferred out of the NYPD 's Joint Terrorism Task Force division . Cherry was investigated by the Civilian Complaint Review Board after an Uber passenger recorded meltdown . ` No good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference Wednesday . Cherry was reportedly on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital . The Uber driver ` honked ' at Cherry as he pulled into a parking space without signalling .


Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy is convicted of charges involving violence against protesters . But he is acquitted of murder . `` We promise you unexpected revolutionary surprises , '' a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman says .


Digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like CDs . Overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013 . Massive piracy problems in China one of biggest problems facing industry . Vinyl sales now account for 2 % of revenues .


carwyn scott-howell plunged 160ft to his death in flaine, france, earlier this month . his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia were skiing with him . they had become separated on their last run of the day when antonia fell . carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area . his mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return .


Kimberly Waddell Macemore , 25 , of Wilkesboro , South Carolina , pleaded guilty on Tuesday to having sexual relations with two 17-year-old boys . She was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was arrested in May 2014 . The teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one young man , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other .


11 points split leaders Setif and bottom-placed Hussein Dey with four rounds of the Algerian League to play . All 16 teams could mathematically still win the championship . Top two qualify for CAF Champions League while three are relegated . Incredibly tense final day is expected on June 12 .


The NSW State Emergency Service (SES) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise. The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page. NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday.


gang working in north-west of england accused of posing as children online . they then beat up men who agree to meet them, including one teenager . he thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl in a church car park . but when he got there, he was confronted by a gang who accused him of being a paedophile - and he escaped . police arrested him on suspicion of grooming and he has been bailed .


The cat was trapped behind the wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station . He survived thanks to a man Uncle Abdo , who owns a shop outside station . Uncle Abdo gave Biso water and fed him scraps through hole every day . Thanks to a social media campaign , Biso the cat is now finally free .


The Camellias evergreen foliage provides a contrast to the bright flowers . They are easy to grow and like acid , free-draining and nutritious soil . Camellias are happy in sun or shade and grow readily among other shrubs .


Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman and Tory Chancellor George Osborne shared a sofa on the TV. The pair did not resile from the class-based attacks, and added: 'Well I think we're saying they're standing up for people at the top and everybody else has been suffering'


Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head . The former US Open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play . He moved ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt , who had three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on Sunday , when play was started early because of fears over the weather . Furyk


Seven-bedroom property in Scarsdale , New York , where Robert Durst grew up hit market this week . Features solarium , three-car garage , maids ' quarters , chandeliers . When Durst was 7 , his 32-year-old mother either fell or committed suicide by jumping off the roof of this building . Realtor glossed over coincidence that Durst is currently under arrest and made first court appearance this week . The 71-year-old arrested on March 14 after police ` found a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask in his hotel room ' He is challenging the arrest warrant as unlawful , will soon fly to California for murder trial and possible death penalty .


Quinn Patrick stands over the fish while on a trip with his dad . Bowfin propels itself from ground and slaps him in the face . Makes a noise not dissimilar to a sound effect used in cartoons . Youngster stumbles backwards but takes the hit remarkably well .


Reanne Evans lost 10-8 to Ken Doherty in the first round of qualifying . World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long tour wild card to Evans . Doherty led the calls for Evans to be handed another chance on the main tour .


Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership in Belgium . The Pro League 's Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz are the prospective partners . Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnheim in Holland . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .


kayonna cole filmed the moment at her home in los angeles . she holds her hand steady as the tarantula digs its fangs into her skin . kayonna remains calm throughout the video but later suffered a reaction .


27-year-old Danny Willett will make his debut at The Masters next week . Willett insists he is not competing to make up the numbers . Willett is a two-time winner on The European Tour .


Find the FDA 's official report for the recalled product . If the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalled .


Our houses are overtaken with dust mites , leading to winter illnesses . We shed 50g every week in dead skin , mostly in our bed . Dust mites feed off dead human and animal skin and multiply . They leave Australians with cold or flu-like symptoms . Scientists recommend a weekly wash of our bed sheets .


Walsh, a two-time winner of the National, acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn. Walsh, a two-time winner of the National, acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn as vets tended to the stricken Balthazar King. Luckily, Phillip Hobbs's gelding was able to walk away from his fall, as was Walsh's mount Ballycasey.


Ollie Devoto and Semesa Rokoduguni scored tries for Bath . Anthony Watson 's try from the stroke of half-time earned Bath a 19-13 lead . Matt Banahan scored a bonus point for the visitors at Kingston Park . Bath are now six points behind Premiership leaders Northampton in the table and four above third-placed Saracens . Newcastle responded with a Sinoti Sinoti try but Bath could not hang on to


kejonuma leisure land, in tohoku, japan, closed its doors officially in 2000 due to a drop in visitors . urban explorer florian seidel, 38, visited the creepy location in 2014 to document the site's ongoing dereliction . the park, which opened in 1979, once attracted approximately 200,000 visitors annually from around the country .


Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Juan Mata played at Chelsea for the first time since leaving the club . Spaniard was proud of his side 's display against the champions elect . Mata congratulates Chelsea as they close in on Premier League title . READ : What has Louis van Gaal changed since Utd sacked David Moyes ?


Manchester City were beaten 4-2 by their rivals United at Old Trafford . The defending Premier League champions will listen to offers for stars . Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are allowed to leave the Etihad this summer .


From today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . Emoji hashtags work with single emoji , multiple emoji or can be combined with text . Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark , Reyes and Juno .


The van had stopped after Syed Viqaruddin asked for a toilet break . Once stopped , another prisoner tried to take a gun off one of the officers . A scuffle ensued and the 17 policemen guarding the group opened fire . The prisoners - thought to be part of the same terrorist group - all died . Leader Viqaruddin is alleged to have killed two police officers .


Frank Lampard reveals he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out. Lampard took part on Channel Four's 'Alan Carr's Chatty Man' He said the game is changing and losing its macho persona. Lampard has been linked with a move to Manchester City.


South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert fired four shots at Levar Jones . The 36-year-old was unarmed and had his back to the officer when he was shot in the stomach . Mr Jones has no criminal record and was on his way home from work . He said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of Walter Scott .


nadine crooks, 33, from smethwick, west midlands, was told she was infertile . stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome . doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again . was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last november .


The terrifying sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck. They are made to vibrate and tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen. The results mean that your face looks younger, brighter and more toned.


british fighter hamza parvez, 22, still hasn't found a wife in syria . he has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in raqqa, syria . his best friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor .


Lib Dem leader says Farage's 'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines. Lib Dem leader condemns David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home'


Sam Holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich , Illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday . Sam should now be eligible for the $ 30,000 grand prize of a $ 20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November , but is too young . With a few minor exceptions , Sam picked a remarkably accurate bracket who was , including 100percent correct from the Elite Eight onward .


Frustrated listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service . They branded the problem ` irritating ' , ` annoying ' and ` frustrating ' The BBC blames the problem on the system it uses to record programmes .


Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox in his Somerset seat. Boulter is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent. Tugendhat's father, Sir Michael Tugendhat, is the High Court judge who awarded Fox a six-figure sum in damages after he sued Boulter for libellous remarks made


The Large Hadron Collider -LRB- LHC -RRB- begins again after a two-year shutdown . The restart was delayed in March .


Leeds Rhinos claimed 26-12 derby victory over Castleford. First Utility Super League leaders were without inspirational captain Kevin Sinfield. Rhinos were without Sinfield for third successive game.


Conor McGregor takes on champion Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11 . The two men recently completed a world-tour to promote the fight . McGregor is unbeaten in the UFC and insists he will be the next champion . He grabbed Aldo 's belt when the pair came face-to-face in Dublin . CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .


Peggy Siegal said panel did not want British director Steve McQueen to win . Her allegations were revealed in hacked emails from Sony . She said they believed it would paint their country in a bad light . The group were also concerned because of the film 's dark message .


Lucy Gransbury wrote a long handwritten letter to her noisy neighbours . Melbourne-based actor finally erupted after four months of sleepless nights . Also a comedian , she used her humour to tell them what she thought . Photos were taken of her throwing letter and over the fence and running off . After a week of peace and quiet , she decided to send another note and gifts . Despite being woken by them talking twice the following Sunday morning . The cabaret artist finally received a hilarious reply from one of rowdy lads .


Prime Minister hailed charity work of the Church across the country . He also condemned persecution of Christians following massacre in Kenya . Mr Cameron 's praise for the Church comes after bishops attacked Coaltion .


Warning comes from The London Eye Hospital in Harley Street . Comes after rise in patients previously given poor information or care . Said laser eye surgeons are presently only required to be registered as doctors - and no specialist qualifications are legally required .


The World Happiness Report highlights the happiest countries . People live longer and experience more generosity and social support in these counties . The United Nations first declared a World Happiness Day in 2012 .


Manuel Pellegrini won the Premier League and Capital One Cup last season . City currently sit fourth in the league table - 12 points behind Chelsea . Pellegrini 's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season . City players have been impressed with Vieira 's work with the youth team . Pep Guardiola is City 's first-choice to succeed Pellegrini at the Etihad .


Pilot program allows students at one of Sydney 's most prestigious schools to bypass the Higher School Certificate and attend Sydney University . Successful completion of the 17-week guarantees Scot 's College students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law . State Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called this shortcut ` unfair ' Tuition , sporting and curriculum-related fees at the college reportedly topped $ 30,000 per year in 2013 . Opposition Minister Luke Foley concerned this will impact success of HSC . ` Education should be open to all , not just those who can afford it , ' National Union of Students spokeswoman tells Daily Mail Australia .


The horse , Charly , was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the incident occurred . The person managed to write ` RBS ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint .


U.S. Army Staff SGT. Julian McDonald of Columbus , Ohio has adopted a 4-year-old dog named Layka who protected him in Afghanistan . Despite being injured in 2012 , Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory . ` She was the sole reason why I was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife , ' said McDonald of his four legged partner .


ayatollah ali khamenei, the islamic republic's most powerful figure, was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the swiss city of lausanne . 'instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' he said in a speech broadcast live on state television . but he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the june 30 deadline .


Officers were on the hard shoulder of the M5 when they saw the caravan . Were forced to dive out of the way when they saw its back window open . Jumped to safety with seconds to spare before being decapitated .


Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday . The world No 3 tweets a series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers . Murray will take a look at new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman in Spain . The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open . Murray will jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start


Homes with Waitrose nearby cost 12 % more than those not near a branch . Study found houses cost £ 38,831 more than homes without the shop . But having budget store like Lidl nearby means house could be worth less .


Joseph O'Riordan , 76 , stabbed wife Mandy , 47 , nine times with a kitchen knife . He flew into a rage after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn . But it can be revealed Mr Gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds . Former girlfriend reveals he confessed to her that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he was delivering post to .


Principal Andrew Barr was caught viewing porn at work . A student took a photo of him watching pornography in his office . An investigation was launched after the photo was shared on Snapchat . The Geelong College principal has now resigned . The college council called his actions ` a breach of our standards '


Cressida Bonas , 26 , unveiled as Mulberry 's new ambassador . Poses in old courthouse in Clerkenwell , London , wearing SS15 collection . Shot by Robert Fairer , Cressida shows off her moves as she pulls some poses .


Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo Masters. The world No 5 was in third round of the tournament. Nadal is an eight-time champion at Monte Carlo.


Photographer Anthony Barbour , 33 , from Liverpool , turns parks , village and beaches into their own little worlds . He spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one ` planet ' Uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs . Then uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together to create incredible and mind-bending shots .


Peggy Drexler : Video of Toya Graham hitting son as she drags him from protests has raised questions . Was she a hero ? Abusive ? Neither , she says ; she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict , and more moms need this kind of commitment .


Twitter account claimed to be linked with group behind anti-Islam protests . Originally believed Reclaim Australia gave control of feed to a supporter . However , ` Jeremy ' began to tweet jokes as the protest in Sydney started . Thousands attend Reclaim Australia rallies across the country . Protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne .


Charlene Wall Jeffs , 58 , is one of a reported nine wives of Lyle Jeffs . The couple married in 1983 and have 10 children together . He stepped up to lead the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints when brother Warren Jeffs was sentenced to prison in 2007 . Mrs Jeffs says she spent years in exile before being banished last year . Alleged the church only allow a group of men called ` seed bearers ' to impregnate women , and the husbands stand by holding their wife 's hand . Mrs Jeffs is fighting for custody of two of her children .


Former skipper Strauss says Pietersen return is out of the question . KP would ` have too many bridges to build ' before coming back . Batsman has joined Surrey to rediscover form ahead of Ashes . But Strauss says ongoing saga is too much of a ` distraction ' Strauss has been linked to ECB director of cricket role . But another former captain , Michael Vaughan , is favourite .


Theo Walcott 's contract with Arsenal expires at the end of next season . England winger has made just five starts for his club this campaign . Ian Wright says it would be ` a shame ' to see Walcott leave Arsenal . The Gunners have been linked to signing Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling .


Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya. The music teacher wanted to hire a hitman to kidnap and kill 15-year-old. She told undercover police she wanted the boy to bleed to death before she 'finished' him.


School leaders warn the ` bleak ' situation is likely to get even worse . Say it is due to rise in pupil numbers and greater competition for graduates . London schools have most problems , followed by North West and East .


Katie and Dalton met as patients dealing with cystic fibrosis . Two years later , they were married . Dalton received a lung transplant , but Katie is still waiting .


Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday . `` Just Got Paid '' was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart . Kemp was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation Fantastic Voyage Cruise .


Diane McLean , 58 , and her three children lost ` everything but their lives ' when fire destroyed their apartment last week . Dr McLean paid just $ 1,500 a month for the 1,100-square-foot , four bedroom apartment because it was rent stabilized . A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $ 90,000 for the family .


The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1 , 1964 , and September 18 , 1996 , last month . La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark , 38 , searched her biological mother 's name on Facebook after receiving her birth records in the mail . Her mother , Francine Simmons , had given birth at 15 years old and had to give Mitchell-Clark up for adoption . The pair said they always wanted to find one another but did n't know how . Mitchell-Clark 's adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search .


Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST for an MOT at Halfords , Plymouth . Went to collect his car and realised his dashcam had been recording . Saw a mechanic take the car for a joyride doing 57mph in a 30mph zone . Also discovered the mechanic swearing and boasting about test driving the car .


Amnesty International releases its annual report on the death penalty , `` Death Sentences and Executions 2014 '' At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 . `` The long-term trend is definitely positive -- we are seeing a decrease in the number of executions , '' says Amnesty 's Director of Global Issues Audrey Gaughran . At least 2,466 people


AP McCoy will race at Sandown Park on Saturday for the last time before he retires . To be a jockey is to live a life of denial , early nights , early mornings , restraint at the dinner table , water at the bar , long , hot baths to sweat out the weight that , in McCoy 's case , lowered his sperm count . He will host


Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 . 6-2 in their Miami semi-final . The world No 1 will take on Andy Murray in Sunday 's final . Djokovic is bidding to win his fifth title at Key Biscayne .


Hillary Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but only one was born outside the US .


Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder. Coleman hit Beatrice Spence, 24, and her uncle, 37, in her 2004 white Dodge Durango. Coleman fled the scene in her SUV and has been charged with attempted murder.


The number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent. Instead, Germans now explore the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans. The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin.


Australian plus size model Laura Wells releases eco-friendly swimwear . The swim range goes up to size 24 and is 100 per cent recyclable material . The prints Australian ocean inspired designs and coral reef colours . The swimwear is a collaboration with US brand Swim Sexy .


Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the presidential race for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination . The Texas senator hit the trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate last week . He 's counting on Iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among a crowded field of


Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving home in Naracoorte at 12 pm on Sunday . The German tourist was driving a friend 's car about 110 km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia 's southeast . The car was found abandoned on side of road in centre of Mount Gambier . The 25-year-old contacted authorities to say she was safe and well almost 24 hours later .


Police are hunting a woman who stole £ 60 from epileptic woman 's handbag . Victim collapsed and suffered a violent seizure that lasted 20 minutes . Passers-by rushed to help but police believe one person took advantage . Police have released CCTV footage of a woman they want to speak to .


An arrest warrant has been issued Ben Cousins after he failed to show up in court . Cousins , 36 , had been on bail for an alleged low speed police chase on March 11 . He was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . Cousins has been involved in a string of bizarre incidents in the weeks since which have seen him hospitalised for mental health checks .


YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons reveals average of 17 cups of tea a week . Research shows tea-drinking habits increase as we get older . Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared to 18 to 24-year-olds who only drink eight cups . Almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when unwell . More than half of


Sea Shepherd rescues the crew of an alleged poaching ship it had chased for 110 days . The conservationist group had pursued the vessel since it was found illegally fishing off Antarctica , it says . Sea Shepherd captain tells CNN he believes the ship was deliberately sunk to destroy evidence .


Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , we are still experiencing its effects on the Gulf of Mexico seafood industry . David Frum : It 's unclear where all of the oil went , how much remains remains or whether it 's a signal that the crisis is truly abating . He says research shows crabs are turning some genes on or off in response to oil and


Lucas Hinch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop in Colorado Springs , was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on Monday . ` He took the computer into the back alley and fired eight . shots into the computer with a handgun , effectively disabling it , ` police said . Hinch said he


Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal 's FA Cup final win over Reading . Ray Parlour has backed the 23-year-old to be the future of the club . But the former Arsenal star fears his injury record could prevent him reaching his potential .


Alison Hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening . She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat . The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue . After five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose . It was part of a cheap # 1.50 set she had


Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed . Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury . The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation .


Harvey Boulter revealed former defence secretary took a friend abroad . He is now giving money to the opposition of Tom Tugendhat .


The 28 minute pornographic film was shot at Epping Ongar historic railway . A popular location for family days out , parents are outraged by decision . In the video a woman , dressed as a school girl , has sex in a wood carriage . Managers have apologised for the filming and for any offence caused .


Britons finding they can not pick up hire cars after driving licence change . DVLA is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies UK licences . Information about penalty points will be held on the DVLA 's database . Fears foreign car hire firms will not be able to check motorists ' details .


AP McCoy has his final two rides at Sandown in Surrey on Saturday . No sane jockey would ever try to emulate 20-time champion jockey . McCoy will be hoping to bow out on a winner with Box Office at Saturday . The Sandown track is completely sold out as fans bid farewell to a hero .


Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 . Were heading into Manhattan to visit the theater when they disappeared . Mom 's stepson , George Costello Jr , was visiting the Hamptons at the time . Has a long criminal record and has a tense relationship with the family . He returned to Florida two days after they went missing and was jailed . Police have so far said they do not suspect foul play is involved .


Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March. Pingan was named China's 'miracle baby' after being born as his mother died in a car crash.


stroke survivors often suffer damage to the right sagittal stratum . this is a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain . researchers at john hopkins medical school in baltimore found that stroke patients with damage to this area of the brain are unable to detect sarcasm .


andy lee defends his wbo middleweight title against peter quillin . the irishman is making the first defence of the belt he won last year . lee is confident he is ready for anything quillin has in his locker .


Kris and Tina Wardle fell in love in 2002 and had planned a life together . Kris married Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son , Mark , acting as Best Man . But less than two years later , the HGV truck driver would be a widower . His wife was stabbed to death by now 21-year-old Mark Howe . Kris said Mark was the apple of Tina 's


Video shows six children asked to pick out their mother while blindfolded . Mums become emotional waiting to see if their child will recognise them . Pandora created ` The Unique Connection ' for Mother 's Day . The video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times on YouTube .


Elad Hershkowitz, of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, placed a GoPro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives. Animals range from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it.


Graham Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting UKIP a year ago. Thorpe will be voting for UKIP in the General Election. But the batsman admits his UKIP backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol.


ByHours.com offer three , six and 12 hour hotel stayovers . Academy Hotel and Threadneedles Marriot in London have signed up . Company have around 1,500 hotels signed up in their native Spain .


Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates . Jose Mourinho started without a striker for the first time this season . Eden Hazard , Willian and Oscar have an element of fantasy about their play . But Mourinho wants function and the master simply wants results .


Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of her healthy recipes had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media following. Ms Bines is about 15 weeks pregnant and has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.


Claudetteia Love , 17 , had planned to go to her prom with group of friends . But Principal Patrick Taylor ` told her she was not allowed to wear tuxedo ' Said the decision was part of the Monroe , Louisiana school 's dress code . Decision sparked an outpouring of support for student across the nation . Now , school has reversed its decision - Claudetteia is able to wear tuxedo . Openly gay teen said she was ` thankful ' and ` looking forward ' to the prom . She is a top student and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University .


dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment . it is unclear if kasimov has been arrested .


Leah Williamson scores penalty as England earn 2-2 against Norway . UEFA ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake . The action lasted 65 seconds from point whistle was blown to full-time . Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England 's penalty on Saturday . England were 2-1 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute . German Kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error . Three Lions earn 3-1 victory against Switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for European Championship qualification . Norway beat Northern Ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in Group 4 . It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA . Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident . READ : Graham Poll 's expert verdict on UEFA 's bizarre decision .


272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England . But actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater . World Health Organisation suggests one in 100 babies could suffer learning and behavioural problems .


Laura Sumner, 24, was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation. She was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921. She was researching her PhD at Nottingham University.


Gunshots fired at rapper Lil Wayne 's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta . No arrests have been made . Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance Saturday night .


Liverpool face a major rebuilding job following a mass exit from Anfield . Steven Gerrard , Glen Johnson and Kolo Toure are all out of contract . Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City . Jordan Henderson has agreed a new # 100,000-a-week deal until 2020 . Martin Skrtel is a target for Wolfsburg and Juventus . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


Freddie Gray died on Sunday after slipping into a coma . He was arrested a week earlier under murky circumstances .


Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams. Hamill said he was caught off guard when Lucas invited him to lunch. When Hamill's wife surmised that perhaps there was a new film in the works, Hamill laughed.


grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency . the only food it imports is milk . the island's seasons are similar to our own .


Prosecutors accused of losing a Nissan Micra at centre of double murder case . Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob , 90 , and Elsie , 83 . He is also accused of driving their bodies to Lincoln , where they used to live . But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost . Police said the car


American Airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new in-flight music. New indie music was first piped into the cabin - during boarding and disembarking - a few months ago. Many have taken to Twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists, which feature rockers such as The xx.


Measuring just 15ft by 10ft , the hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch , Dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire . Owners will also have to shell out between £ 2,500 and £ 4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut . Hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent , but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach .


The 22-year-old 's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy . Karlie is donating $ 20,000 of her own money for the classes , which cost $ 2,000 per student , while the school has offered to match her contribution . The former Victoria 's


The grand dame of broadcasters believes that Monica Lewinsky has the right stuff to bring The View back from the brink . The former White House intern would also draw great guests - although probably not Hillary or Bill Clinton . Her recent TED Talk on ` The Price of Fame ` redefines her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying . In recent weeks Nielsen ratings showed that The Talk beat out The View for the first time but The View made a comeback .


Spurs tracking Dynamo forward Andriy Yarmolenko . Tottenham scouts have watched the Ukrainian star in recent weeks . PSG also interested in signing Yarmolenko . Kevin Mirallas also on Tottenham 's radar . CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .


charlotte dujardin wins reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas . dujardin and valegro narrowly missed their own world record in the sport . switzerland's steve guerdat wins world cup jumping title at 10th attempt .


The Post Office failed to properly investigate why money went missing . Many subpostmasters were sacked , stripped of savings and even jailed . Leaked Report says discrepancies could have been caused by IT systems . Former Tory MP says Post Office workers were ` dragged through the mud '


Four-year-old Hudea was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp near Turkey . She , her mother and three siblings have been living there since 2012 . Two weeks ago , they left the camp for Idlib - now in the hands of Al-Qaeda . The city fell to the brutal Syrian affiliate Al-Nusra at the weekend . The Nusra Front has promised to impose Sharia law in the city .


An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June . It sees impressionist Alistair McGowan portray the disgraced paedophile . Maitland said the public is ` ready ' for the play to be shown . The play is based on interviews with victims of the late comedian 's depraved behaviour . It was revealed in a television documentary into the abuse in the 70s and 80s . It


Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily went missing on March 30 . Were heading into Manhattan to visit the theater when they disappeared . Recognized by someone at the New York hotel they were staying in . NYPD officers picked them up at 3 am and said they 're in good health .


Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with ongoing problem of luggage theft. Workers at the airport also were caught rifling through checked bags. This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.


Cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes. Researchers found the risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011.


Macaca leucogenys long mistaken for Macaca assamensis say scientists . New macaque has a distinctive rounded rather than arrow shaped penis . Researchers say the remote highland forests of Medog , in south east Tibet , could be hiding many other new species that are waiting to be discovered . They warn new macaque is threatened by hunting and habitat destruction .


Brazilian police have arrested the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party, bringing the bribery investigation at the state-run oil company Petrobras a step closer to President Dilma Rousseff. Federal police arrested Joao Vaccari Neto at his home in Sao Paulo on Wednesday morning. Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the broader probe into corruption at Petrobras.


` Egg thief lizards ' preserved in rock for 75 million years were studied . University of Alberta experts said differences in size and shape of tail bones enable male and female small feathered dinosaurs to be sexed . Males have long ` chevron ' bones so they can wiggle their feathered tails seductively to woo mates , while females have shorter bones in their tails .


Detective Constable Ciara Campbell accused of spying on ex-partner . Court heard she also spied on PC Stuart Swarbrick 's new girlfriend . A ` large number ' of photographs of his new partner were found on her iPad . The 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material .


Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on Tuesday night as Aston Villa clinched a 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers QPR . The Aston Villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the Villa Park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point . Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival .


scott shirley, his wife mayo and son phoenix were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world, orlando . the family were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet . mr shirley says the family were told by cabin staff that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the seating area .


many clouds wins grand national . 25-1 outsider wins by a length and a half . jockey leighton aspell wins last year's race . ap mccoy to retire if he wins grand national for second time .


Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating blaze was not an accident . Book reveals fires at other businesses owned by or associated with then club chairman Stafford Heginbotham . Mr Fletcher , a survivor of the blaze , says his findings warrant investigation . An inquiry into fire found it was an accident caused by discarded cigarette . West Yorkshire Police will consider any fresh evidence that comes to light .


The film is out in theaters today . Co-star Paul Walker died during production . Critics say `` Furious 7 '' is bittersweet and `` plenty of crazy fun ''


Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium . The Yorkshire side were entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in League One . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights .


Jaclyn Methuen nearly left her husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him .


British world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin wins at World Cup . 29-year-old victorious on horse Valegro at Grand Prix in Las Vegas .


RSPCA considering dropping policy of prosecuting people for fox hunting . Animal charity dropped its last case against hunt master and has none left . A total of £ 22.5 million was spent on animal welfare cases last year alone . Campaigners say RSPCA should stop ` pursuing pointless prosecutions '


Carolina Sandretto focuses on the crumbling buildings many Cubans live in together . The maze-like `` solares '' often include separate families under one roof .


William McCollom , the chief of police in Peachtree City , Georgia , called 911 on January 1 to say he had accidentally shot his wife , Margaret . Margaret was left paralyzed below the waist and believes it was an accident . McCollom resigned from chief position in March after working in policing for nearly three decades . He was indicted on a reckless-conduct charge on Wednesday .


Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the player to reach the level of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. The 23-year-old has been a star at Barcelona since joining from Santos in his homeland two years ago. Ferguson also backs Carlo Ancelotti and says the Italian reached out to his son Darren when he was sacked by Peterborough.


rangers are currently second in the scottish championship . stuart mccall's side face a trip to dumbarton on saturday . mccall is relaxed about the prospect of his side finishing third .


Keith Boudreau, 42, was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar. Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat Boudreau for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.


collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in china . it was organised by a new social media app designed for pets . 21 canine couples arrived in bmw convertibles and a stretch hummer limousine .


Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup . Winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for the Robins . Ryan Shaw kicked five goals for the hosts at the Odsal Stadium . It was only the East Yorkshire side 's second cup tie success .


More than 70 teenagers were involved in a violent brawl outside a party in Brisbane 's south on Tuesday night . Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10 pm . The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter , PolAir . Four people have been arrested over the incident , including a 20-year-old man .


Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his fish on camera . The blood parrot cichlid swims in circles and waits in man 's hand . The man then begins massaging and stroking its body with his finger . Mr Giroux claims the fish becomes frustrated if not stroked each day .


The Mail On Sunday 's brilliant GP with all the health answers YOU need .


Alex Vella , 61 , is the longtime leader of the Rebels outlaw motorcycle gang . He has failed to stop the government 's cancellation of his visa while he was overseas in Malta last year . He has been stranded in Malta and unable to return to his family in Australia . Police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping , extortion and drug dealing . Vella


Barcelona star Neymar feels his team's Champions League tie with Paris Saint-Germain will prove a real 'spectacle' Neymar is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition. Barcelona and PSG meet on April 15 in the French capital, and Neymar said: 'It will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players'


Ride Like The Wind is one of 34 colts still in the first Classic of the season . The 2,000 Guineas will be run at Newmarket on Saturday , May 2 . Ride Like The Wind is a similar horse to 2014 's fifth runner Charm Spirit . The horse landed the Group Three Prix Djebel by a head last start .


Mike Lane was beaten by masked protesters armed with iron bars on ropes . Attack happened as 30 riders and hounds were chasing artificial scent . Wiltshire Police handed video footage and some names of saboteurs . Decision by police to drop probe branded ` pathetic ' by 40-year-old .


Jacksonville , Florida Photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to Disney World for the first time last September . Giselle and Kristina visit the park once a month and Giselle wears dresses bought by her mother . Giselle , who suffers from Down syndrome , models for her photographer mother at the theme park .


Jake Boys , 19 , surprised partner Emily-Victoria Canham , 18 , with tickets . But he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland instead of Wales . Mr Boys , from Hailsham , East Sussex , is now planning to buy new train tickets .


Lewis Hamilton claimed his third straight pole position of the season . Nico Rosberg was just 0.042 secs slower than his Mercedes team-mate . German says : ` Oh , come on , guys , ' when told he is slower than Hamilton . Sebastian Vettel will start third for Ferrari with Felipe Massa fourth . McLaren endured another difficult day with Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso only 17th and 18th on the grid for Sunday 's race .


arsenal beat reading 2-1 in extra time to reach fa cup final . alexis sanchez had given the gunners the lead after 39 minutes . garath mccleary equalised for reading with a deflected volley .


The WikiLeaks founder is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims ; he denies the allegations . Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 .


william kerr absconded from a bail hostel in hull in january . he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on licence in january . 53-year-old strangled maureen comfort and put her body in a cupboard . kerr was jailed for life for murder at leeds crown court in 1998 .


Ander Herrera joined Manchester United from Athletic Bilbao for # 29million . Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for supersitution . The 25-year-old made his debut season at the club in 2011-12 . Herrera reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his first season .


Volunteers and residents from nearby areas poured water on dolphins to stop their skins drying out. But some were being pushed back onto the beach by the tide soon after being released. Scientists believe the creatures may have got lost and got into trouble.


Biologists at Goethe University Frankfurt , Germany , studied skin healing in fruit fly embryos using an electron microscope to watch what happened . Skin cells use microscopic tubes to pull towards each other and interlock . Researchers hope it may help develop new treatments to speed up healing .


Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday . Virgil van Dijk 's 16th free-kick gave Parkhead a dream start . But the Parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant Alan Muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings . Celtic boss Ronny Deila was angry at the referee 's decision to send off


Manchester City face Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday . Champions have put on free coaches to take fans to Selhurst Park . Rail closures over Easter will disrupt fans ' travel plans across country .


General in charge of US Army recruiting has warned that America 's growing obesity epidemic ` is becoming a national security issue ' Major General Allen Batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women are currently refused because they are too heavy . Current trends project that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers by the end of the decade . Maximum body fat percentage that the army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females .


Flamur Ukshini , 23 , from Kosovo , is the doppelgänger of Zayn Malik . The university student 's likeness has got him 40,000 Instagram followers . He tells FEMAIL that he is often asked for photos in the street .


Jeremy Clarkson , 55 , was sacked by the BBC after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack . Said he was told two days before assaulting a BBC producer he might have cancer . He said : ` We were in the middle of a Top Gear series . And Top Gear always came first ' Clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear by the broadcaster


Five-day-old hippopotamus calf mauled to death after straying between two brawling adults in South Africa . Helpless calf was hurled into the air as its mother looked on in horror , with the young hippo dying hours later . Adult hippos had been fighting for hours before attacking the baby in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park .


Tewksbury Police Department was attacked by criminals who infected their network with malware program called CryptoLocker . CryptoLocker restricts access to infected computers and demands payment to recover files . Police systems were down between four and five days , and ransom was paid in digital currency by cops in bid to not lose data forever .


Shamima Begum and Amira Abase , both 15 , and Kadiza Sultana , 16 , are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa . Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade - an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago . Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons , the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa and spying on its citizens .


Todd Kincannon , 33 , has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . Arrest warrant alleges that he told wife , Ashely Griffith , that would kill her , himself and her family -- threats he is accused of having made before . Lawyer claims he ` accidentally overdosed ' on Benzonatate -- which he says he was taking for an upper respiratory infection . Audio recordings of Kincannon verbally abusing his wife and threatening to make her ` very f*cking sorry ' has since emerged . Kincannon has a reputation on Twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism .


eight-inch leather dildo with wooden head found in gdansk, poland . it was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship .


The pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units-valued at $ 284.5 million-at the end of the year . It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index . Woodman 's product-a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or a hand-held pole-made waves in when it debuted in 2006 . Since launching its high-definition camera in


Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria are affected . They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named . Critics argue parents should be named because they could be extremists .


Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid . The Welshman has been linked with Manchester United and Chelsea . Mark Hughes has urged Bale to stay at the Nou Camp . The 25-year-old missed the Champions League quarter-final after picking up an injury .


Former premier made unannounced visit to capital Ulaanbataar last month . Met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg on trip , sparking fears from ecologists he was encouraging Western investment in mining . Noyon Uul region has major gold reserves but many sacred burial mounds . Exploitation may ` destroy monuments of the Mongols and their ancestors ' Mr Blair admits to ` regular ' Mongolia visits but denies discussing mining .


Stoke claimed a point thanks to stoppage time goal by Marko Arnautovic . Sam Allardyce believes his side panicked in closing stages of match . West Ham remain in top 10 despite failing to cling onto three points .


Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. Five years later, the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists. Juarez launched the tourism campaign "Juarez is Waiting for You"


Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United . The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer . The 24-year-old 's ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks . United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire . United hope to fend off interest from Liverpool , Bayern Munich and Paris St Germain


Utah photographer Alan Lawrence took photos of his 18-month-old son Wil. The father, who has Down Syndrome, said he hopes to raise awareness about the disorder. Lawrence said he hopes to raise awareness about the disorder in other countries.


John Travolta is premiering his new film , `` The Forger , '' in Clearwater , Florida . The HBO documentary is critical of the Church of Scientology . He credits the church with helping him survive the death of his son , Jett .


A Brooklyn woman has been trying to divorce her husband for several years . She has been unable to find Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku to serve him the papers . Her attorney filed an application for `` service by alternate means , '' in this case , via social media .


Michael Olsen, 52, shot a police officer in the hand as he was tackled to the ground. He was arrested after the officer was saved by his colleague. PC Mark Bird was shot in the hand during a routine traffic accident in October last year.


Met Office predicts warmer-than-average temperatures for April , May and June in its long-range forecast . Tuesday and Wednesday will be warmest days this week with 25C possible - above Marseille and Valencia . Temperatures this weekend around 14C - with today dry in South but wet and windy in North and Wales . Severe wind warning in place for North Wales and northern England with 76mph recorded in Snowdonia .


The ultra-wealthy often book private jets and charter yachts in secret. MailOnline Travel spoke to wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood, who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for celebrities. Haywood estimates membership fees for such a service start at about £50,000.


Manchester United face rivals Manchester City in the league on Sunday . Eight of United 's first-team squad are native Spanish-speaking players . Six City players are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries .


The whale , Varvara , swam a round trip from Russia to Mexico , nearly 14,000 miles . The previous record was set by a humpback whale that migrated more than 10,000 miles .


Researchers are developing a computer that can write weather forecasts . It takes meteorological data and writes a report designed to mimic a human . This process is known as ` natural language generation ' -LRB- NLG -RRB- A prototype system will be tested on the BBC website later this year .


VW Westfalia Camper was designed in the 1950s and discontinued in 2003 . New electric version is set to get batteries hidden under the floor . Design has n't yet been revealed but it will share details with the original . Engineers are making a concept but it 's not certain if the van will be sold .


Richie Sambora is about to be quizzed by police over claims he ` threatened to kill ' his former fashion designer lover and business partner . She is a childhood friend of Kim Kardashian . Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed Sambora is a ` person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats . Their joint venture collapsed at the last moment and Nikki went out on her own . Rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava .


The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010 . At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular . Five years and 225 million units later , it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now . But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the iPad 's days are numbered .


Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was arrested for allegedly throwing her daughter a drunken party. She had been a follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James, who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.


Stoke City have opened talks with Evian flyer Daniel Wass . The Danish full back is available for around # 3.5 million . Wass has been watched by Chelsea , Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year . Stoke scouts have also been monitoring Sporting Lisbon pair Islam Slimani and Andre Carrillo .


Lucy and Lydia star in beauty campaign for fake tan brand Sunkissed . Both say it was ` really lovely ' to work together on the shoot . Lucy says she loves the waist she works hard to achieve . Admits she is jealous of her teen sister 's long legs .


A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook . The idea of service by Facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him . Online service may be a new frontier , but it 's not unheard of .


Alan Pardew insists he is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul . Crystal Palace boss says he is happy with current No 1 goalkeeper Julian Speroni . Pardews says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Srul over a transfer . The 53-year-old is planning a busy summer in the transfer market .


binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe sloane rangers a helping hand . the made in chelsea star has teamed up with phone case company otterbox . she has shared some insider tips using her favourite high street buys .


aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 to reach the fa cup final on sunday . christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho's opener . cleverley believes tim sherwood's attacking style is paying off .


Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv 's Varsano Hotel for £ 17.1 m . The Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home . The hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres .


Greystone Park Psychiatric Center in New Jersey became known for the number of rapes and suicides taking place . Building officially closed in 2003 and was abandoned , with walls and ceilings left to crumble and flake away . Demolition work has begun on the French Renaissance-style building , after interior found too expensive to restore . But preservationists have argued that the 1800s building should be preserved and turned into museum and housing .


WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . Journalist at Russian TV channel step on landmine in east Ukraine . Andrei Lunev received serious head and lower extremities wounds . Six government troops and one rebel fighter dead after clashes overnight .


greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s . it became one of the largest asylums, housing more than 7,500 people, and became known for rapes and suicides . the asylum has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, with crumbling walls and flaking plaster . preservationists are battling to save the building and claim it should be turned into a museum and housing .


Lucas Leiva recovered from a groin injury in February to be an unused substitute in Sunday's All-Star Charity game at Anfield. The midfielder is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is suspended for three matches for his sending off against Manchester United.


Stuart Broad limped out of England 's warm-up match in Saint Kitts . The England bowler slipped during his first over of the day . The crease at Warner Park in St Kitts was damp following overnight rain . Broad was left clutching his ankle on the floor after the incident . The first Test against West Indies starts on Monday in Antigua .


Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg tie . Luis Suarez scored twice for Barca in their win at the Parc des Princes . Suarez has scored 19 goals for Barcelona in all competitions this season .


Joshua Leakey receives sixth VC Queen has given to a living UK recipient . L/Cpl 's cousin was posthumous VC recipient in 1945 for gallantry in WWII . He says award highlights efforts of all soldiers who went to battle Taliban . Three generations of his family including grandparents attend ceremony .


Mauricio Pochettino takes Tottenham to his former club Southampton . Saints fans encouraged to wear orange for ` Ronald Koeman Day ' Clothing company has printed T-shirts with the Dutchman 's quote : ` The key is to believe in ourselves '


Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court . Middlesbrough beat Norwich on Friday night to take Bournemouth 's place at the top of the Championship . Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game at 3.36 pm on Saturday . Bournemouth are unbeaten in 10 before Saturday 's kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to


sean jefferson, 45, and elizabeth jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods . they covered their flat in trinkets and gifts that were looted from graves . some of the items were from the graves of babies and grandmothers . the couple were given a 47-week curfew and banned from cemeteries .


Analogue watch was released in 1997 to promote Apple 's Mac OS . Has a circular face and colourful hands , unlike Apple 's modern Watch . Vintage timepiece is listed for $ 2,500 -LRB- £ 1,707 -RRB- on eBay . Shoppers could buy five of the new Apple Watch Sports for less cash .


Neymar opens the scoring for Barcelona after just 18 minutes thanks to an assist from Lionel Messi . Luis Suarez makes it 2-0 after a brilliant individual goal - nutmegging David Luiz before beating two more defenders . Suarez scores his second of the night in equally stunning fashion - again nutmegging Luiz . Gregory van der Wiel 's deflected effort gives PSG some hope ahead of the second leg on April 21st .


Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect. He plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons. He hopes the craze in Fifty Shades of Grey can help transform his business.


FBI accused in new book - by leading King historian Stuart Wexler - of misleading Congress by destroying files on civil rights leader 's murder . He tells Daily Mail Online agency disobeyed direct order to preserve all materials and believes it was to protect informer from being identified . Tommy Tarrants , high-ranking KKK member went from being little-known racist to having his picture shown to witnesses . Files from two field offices which had information on Tarrants were destroyed in 1977 after Congress launched Assassinations Committee . Wexler believes it is because they could have exposed Laude Matthews , head of Mississippi KKK , as an FBI asset under deep cover .


Eva Kor, who survived Auschwitz, hugged former guard Oskar Groening. She thanked him for his forgiveness, and held his hand. Groening was accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people.


Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been taking underwater photos for nearly a decade . The pair from San Diego , California , have travelled as far afield as Papua New Guinea , the Maldives and Virgin Islands . They have been able to mount a GoPro camera to the end of the pole and obtain incredible memories of their dives . Having the extendable pole allows the animal


Airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights . The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control . Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war , and it was eventually annexed . Three of the alleged attackers were killed .


Robert Boardwine's friend used his sperm and turkey baster to get pregnant. She thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent, the appeals court said. Boardwine's attorney says she will talk to her client before she can comment.


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of killing three people and injuring 264 as well as fatally shooting a police officer . His lawyers on Monday argued for the jury to spare him the death penalty . Called Judith Russell to the stand , who is mother-in-law of Dzhokhar 's older brother Tamerlan - who was killed in police firefight after the bombing . Told how her daughter was enthralled by Tamerlan and became Muslim . Backs up defense claims that Dzhokhar was led by influential sibling . Lawyers have said that Tamerlan drove his brother into the bombings .


Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from Johns Hopkins Health System in February 2013. He secretly recorded and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams. He committed suicide ten days later.


brandon afoa, 33, of puyallup, washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed . the incident, which took place at 2am on december 26, 2007, left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm . much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons .


Dina Nemtsova , 13 , made debut in photoshoot for Russian fashion label . Her mother : ` I 'm trying to help her overcome terrible killing of her father ' Nemtsov was gunned down near Kremlin while walking with his girlfriend .


Jonathan Trott is on the verge of winning his 50th Test cap on Monday . Trott is set to open alongside Alastair Cook against the West Indies . Trott is set for his first Test appearance since the 2013 Ashes series . The Warwickshire batsman left the tour due to a stress-related condition . Trott had struggled to deal with Australia bowler Mitchell Johnson .


William and Kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week. On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store. On her last day of Royal engagements just weeks ago, the Duchess really went out in style.


Gary Ballance scored his fourth Test century in only his ninth match . Alastair Cook set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions . West Indies finished on 98 for two , still a massive 340 short of recreating Antiguan Test history . Chris Jordan caught Joe Root 's off-spin in the second over . West Indies were bowled out for 90 at the Sir Vivian


Henley and Partners 's Visa Restrictions Index calculates travel freedom . It is based on the number of countries citizens can visit visa-free . The best passports include those from Finland , USA , Germany and the UK . Lowest ranking countries include Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .


Kyle Naughton ruled out for six weeks with ankle ligament damage . David Meyler was sent off the tackle and will serve a suspension . Angel Rangel could replace Naughton for their home game versus Everton . CLICK HERE for all the latest Swansea news .


John Carver has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United. Newcastle United's supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment from billionaire Mike Ashley. Carver believes it is the 'dream job' but admits it is 'a bitter sweet moment'


The Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world. It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight. The Michigan Micro Mote can act as a smart sensor, and give everyday objects computing capabilities.


Writers : `` religious freedom '' bills passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught governors off-guard . They say the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses . Writers : It is no longer a good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity .


Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6 in 1979 . A New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing . Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago . His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged , severely mentally ill .


Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace 's first goal . It would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks .


Emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled in Mexico City . Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show . Fans chose this emerald belt as the one which will adorn the winner of the fight of the century on May 2 .


Subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos . Each week , 52 million Americans use the pain reliever . Unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect .


italian authorities launch a "vast anti-terrorism operation" targeting al qaeda suspects . wiretaps show the group discussed a range of targets, including the vatican . some suspects were involved in a 2009 pakistani market bombing, police say .


Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 in their Champions League tie . Arturo Vidal scored the only goal as Juventus beat Monaco in Italy . Atletico keeper Jan Oblak was the main focus in the Spanish papers . Oblak produced an impressive display in the game at the Vicente Calderon . Vidal 's goal also provoked a strong reaction in the Italian newspapers .


Labour leader accused of ` offensive ' behaviour during visit to Sikh temple . Worshippers were banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures . Ed Miliband 's team also banned national media journalists from the event . Community leader said the rules went against the ` ethos ' of their faith .


The self-styled Mirreyes -LRB- my kings -RRB- are often the sons and daughters of Mexican high society . They often post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name . They are often embarrassing but can lead to political and legal advantages . One such individual , the eldest son of then-Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar , jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil


London Book Fair Author HQ event, with Kindle Direct Publishing, is a three-day programme. Experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published.


Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey , both 19 , were close friends . They took to social media to post images of themselves to celebrate getting all-clear . One of Miss Williams 's bald head and another of Miss VMXy 's chest scar . But two hours later they were reported for ` nudity ' by someone on Facebook . Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month


Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent . Rovers are bottom of League Two and two points adrift of safety . Adams failed to show for post-match press conference after 3-0 loss by Oxford . Fans demonstrated outside the ground , calling for Adams to leave .


Albert Davison made a fortune through six-figure bets on his own horses . He and wife beautician Penny Ann Davison , 59 , fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune . After his death in 2011 , she claims she is owed more from his legacy . She claims his death has allowed him to avoid a mammoth tax bill .


Kim Sears was seen working on her wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday. The 27-year-old artist showed off a golden glow watching Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson. She wore a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun.


Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium in the FA Cup . Pavel Pogrebnyak opened the scoring for Reading in the fourth minute . Garath McCleary doubled Reading 's lead in the 90th minute . Conor McAleny scored a late equaliser from Aron Gunnarsson 's cross . Reading will face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18 . On their previous semi-final appearance , in


Gray 's family asked there be no protests ; they condemned violence . Community leaders and brave residents got in between rioters and police .


The PFA announced the shortlist for Player of the Year earlier this week . Eden Hazard , David de Gea and Harry Kane are among leading contenders . Jamie Carragher reveals there will be plenty of tactical voting by players .


Fars News Agency alleges that Jason Rezaian sold economic and industrial information he obtained from Iran to Americans . Government officials said in January that Rezaian , 39 , would stand trial for unspecified ` security charges ' Rezaian was taken from his Tehran home on July 22 and was not permitted to hire a lawyer until last month .


danny wilson is out of contract at hearts at the end of the season . ronny deila has confirmed the scottish champions are interested in him . celtic are considering a £400,000 bid for the former rangers and liverpool defender .


Daisy fell 10ft from quay into sea during holiday in Caernarfon , North Wales . Westie was rescued by passing fisherman after disappearing below waves . Owners Dave Rickard and his wife Brenda gave lifeless pet the kiss of life . Mr Rickard , 72 , said he acted ` instinctively ' to save their beloved pet .


kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, was arrested in daytona beach, florida, on tuesday after he confessed to the murder of ron lane, 44, in north carolina on tuesday . he is awaiting extradition back to north carolina, where he is accused of killing lane . stancil's face and neck are covered in dark, self-administered tattoos .


Ukip leader Nigel Farage risks alienating those watching debate last night . Complains of ` remarkable audience even by Left-wing standards of BBC ' Comments on housing pressure due to immigration greeted with mutters . David Dimbleby says independent polling firm chose ` balanced ' audience .


Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain. In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000.


Princess , 25 , spotted in sports luxe outfit in New York with a friend . Cousin of Princes William and Harry is working at auction house in city . Celebrated her 25th birthday at the end of last month .


U.S. hostage Warren Weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counter-terrorism strike . Peter Bergen : U.S. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those held .


Balthazar King and Ballycasey fell on first circuit at Aintree on Saturday . Balthazar King needed veterinary treatment on the course after the fall . Ruby Walsh acted as flag man to warn riders to avoid the horse .


Liverpool will look to sell Mario Balotelli , Rickie Lambert and Fabio Borini . Danny Ings , James Milner , Petr Cech , Memphis Depay and Asier Illarramendi are all targets for Brendan Rodgers . Liverpool have been frustrated in their pursuit of Norberto Neto .


Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office reserve deputy Robert Bates faces a charge of second-degree manslaughter for the April 2 shooting of Eric Harris . In an interview on the Today show on Friday , he described his shock and remorse at the shooting and how he never intended to kill anyone . He demonstrated that he kept his Taser near his chest and his gun on his right side - but insisted the mix-up could have happened to anyone . Bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to ` play cop ' just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff 's office .


The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' Saturday . The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada . It did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the East Coast and late afternoon on the West Coast .


The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. It was broad daylight, and somehow the person managed to spray Charlie without the handlers seeing - a move that taggers pride themselves on, but usually with stationary objects and facades.


Tony Degrafreed , of Indianapolis , Indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca , 47 , at their home on July 20,2014 . Marion County prosecutor 's office filed the request on Monday , for life without the chance of parole . Rebecca , who worked at IU Methodist Hospital , died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and


Former QPR manager says Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool . Sterling has turned down a new £ 100,000-a-week contract at the club . Steve McManaman brands Sterling interview ` ridiculous ' and ` baffling '


David Villa posted a picture on Instagram of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York . New York City are currently two points behind city rivals the New York Red Bulls . Frank Lampard 's arrival at the end of the Premier League season will be a major boost . New York 's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11 .


Lib Dem leader makes desperate attempt to distance party from allegations . Claims obese MP did not belong to Lib Dems at the time of his abuse . Ruled out inquiry into claims Liberal Party offered hush money to activist .


Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld died while swimming in Hampstead . He was seen in difficulty in water at 5.30 pm and body recovered at 11 pm . Eyewitnesses claim emergency services crew watched as boys dived in . Family pay tribute to ` wonderful ' and ` friendly ' teenager .


DEA head Michele Leonhart is expected to resign soon , an Obama administration official said Tuesday . She has led the agency since 2007 and is only the second woman to hold the job . Has been criticized as ` woefully ' unable to change the agency 's culture as detailed allegations about agent scandals mount .


Tiger Woods returns to action at the 79th Masters in Augusta, Georgia. The Northern Irishman is bidding to become the sixth man to win the Masters. Rory McIlroy is the defending champion in a field that also includes young American stars, including Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.


Mr Dahl 's wife , Marguerite Dahl , confirmed on Tuesday that her husband died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . His rocks , which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 , came packed in a cardboard box with a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for ` care and feeding ' He later estimated he had sold 1.5 million of them at roughly $


Car burst into flames at Sydney airport 's international terminal on Thursday . 4WD was completely destroyed when flames started spewing from engine . Fire crews worked to put out flames as smoke covered outdoor car park . Vehicle was surrounded by other cars at busy terminal car park .


Jeremy Clarkson will not be hosting Have I Got News For You later this month . The TV personality was due to record the show on April 23 . It would have marked Clarkson 's first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel . Clarkson has vowed to keep working after being dismissed from the


Larry Reid was arrested about 12 : 30 p . m . Monday on U.S. . Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits . Mr . Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer , driving across a median , resisting arrest , not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol . The Nevada Senator 's office


Palaeontologists say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today . It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions , which could reach up to 2.5 feet , to attract a mate . The research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologist for decades .


Foxtel to screen critically acclaimed US women 's prison drama . Cable TV organisation will screen every episode in a full season marathon . A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate has created a loophole . It allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand option too . Former MTV Australia and Foxtel presenter Ruby Rose to appear in series .


The Jacksonville Jaguars will bring the NFL Draft to London next month . A competition for UK-based fans is being run via nfluk.com for the chance to be part of a world first . The Jaguars are committed to a home game each year in London until 2016 .


Darron Gibson was injured in Everton 's 2-1 win over Queens Park Rangers . Roberto Martinez hopes midfielder will be 100 per cent fit for pre-season . The Toffees travel to the Liberty Stadium to take on Swansea on Saturday .


cnn's atika shubert explains how isis functions as a state . cnn's richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that's leaving some with a bitter taste . a newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to kermit the frog .


Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is a hit with TV stars, including Ben Fogle. The luxury resort, which opened in 2010, is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday. But despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes.


delroy facey is accused of conspiring with moses swaibu to commit bribery . facey is alleged to have contacted a non-league footballer via whatsapp . the 34-year-old is also alleged to have told a contact that some football conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment . facey's former clubs include hull city and west bromwich albion .


Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college , killing and taking hostages . It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating , says Stefan Wolff . More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region , he says .


staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in chengdu, sichuan province . baby girl was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta . woman who had been seen visiting toilet was established to be mother .


More than 70 hours of footage filmed at east London boozer . One man openly talked about erectile dysfunction . Landlady : ` There are a lot of things today that women wo n't put up with '


Clooney , 37 , appeared at National Press Club to address imprisonment of former Maldivian President Mohamed Nasheed . High-powered lawyer was joined by Nasheed 's wife , Laila Ali . Amal Clooney told reporters she will appeal to US government to put pressure on Maldivian officials in order to secure Nasheed 's release . George and Amal dined in New York City with her parents Tuesday .


Manuel Pellegrini has played down the form of Manchester United . He feels United were always expected to do well given their transfers . Pellegrini is hoping to end a terrible run of form with Manchester City . City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions . The two Manchester sides meet in the league on Sunday at Old Trafford .


Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 teenagers about their drinking habits . Also the films they watched , including Bridget Jones ' Diary and Aviator . Those who watched most films featuring characters drinking alcohol were 20 % more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 % more likely to binge drink . Researchers have called for films to be rated by alcohol content .


Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can reach the last four of the Champions League . The Bulgarian striker believes the French club are within reach of the semi-final . Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in the first leg of the quarter-final last week .


John and Elizabeth Knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury , Herefordshire . The 71-year-old had been struggling to cope with his wife 's Alzheimer 's . Couple moved to picturesque Bosbury from Droitwich , Worcestershire , in 2006 . But he was said to be fighting plans to build a gipsy camp close to their home . He was concerned the camp would


National Institute on Drug Abuse admits cannabis has medicinal benefits . US guidance states drug can help kill some cancer cells and shrink others . Cannabinoids - chemicals in marijuana - currently used in medication to treat MS patients in both the US and UK . Autoimmune diseases , including HIV and AIDS , multiple sclerosis and Alzheimer 's disease . Inflammation . Pain . Seizures . Substance use disorders . Mental disorders .


Man brought down at Pearson International when he did not communicate . Tried to board Turkish Airlines plane after being denied access to the flight . Was carrying a case through the security gate which he refused to drop .


Annegret Raunigk , 65 , is set to become the world 's oldest woman to give birth to quads . Pensioner from Spandau , Berlin , is expecting quadruplets . Daughter Leila , who turns ten this year , wants to have a little brother or sister . But she says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision . ` I have enough experience of childbirth


Scott was driving Pierre Fulton back to his house after taking him to a nearby church to collect a bag of vegetables on April 4 . But they were pulled over for his broken tail light and Scott fled from cops . He was shot multiple times by officer Michael Slager , who was charged with his murder after a passerby released cellphone footage of the death . Fulton , who had known Scott for several years , said he does not know why his friend ran and did not see the shooting . ` He is torn up , ' his lawyer said .


geraldine jones, 36, of gary, indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming, 23 . fleming and her three-week old baby went missing from her home in anderson, indiana, on april 5 . police found fleming's body in jones' home on friday and her daughter was being held by jones' sister . jones is being treated in texas for depression .


Elizabeth Sedway , 51 , has rare plasma cancer and was returning to California with her husband and two children from Hawaii vacation . Sedway shared video of her removal from Alaska Airlines flight on Facebook . She said airline representative took note of her because she was wearing a surgical mask and was sitting in handicapped section of boarding area . Sedway was told the airline was concerned she might collapse on the plane . The cancer patient is expected to miss two chemotherapy sessions because of the delay caused by the airline .


all three main parties' education spokesmen said they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school . labour's tristram hunt answered first and said: 'yes. in certain circumstances' ukip's james arnott and the green party’s james humphreys also agreed that there was no problem with a future education secretary sending their children private .


Iran 's military held annual National Army Day parade over the weekend . Top military official says he hopes U.S.-Iranian enmity will fade . U.S. has welcomed limited Iranian help in fight against ISIS but neither side plans full coordination .


Andrew O'Clee , 36 , has been jailed after his second marriage was exposed . He wed Michelle in 2008 and forged documents so he could marry Philippa . Dating profile matching his description has been found on Plenty of Fish . O'Clee was caught out in elaborate lie after video appeared on Facebook .


Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear . ` I think I 'm perfect for the job , and my principal qualification is entirely basic . I love cars , ' she says .


Nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , Oklahoma says . The state 's executions are on hold while the U.S. Supreme Court reviews the state 's use of lethal injections .


George Ford scythed through the Leinster defence for sublime try in the first half . Five penalties from Ian Madigan gave Leinster a 15-5 half-time lead . Stuart Hooper crashed over for Bath 's second try following another dazzling Ford break . Madigan 's sixth penalty proved crucial as Leinster held on for a hard-fought victory .


Andrei Lunev walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting in Shyrokyne . He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital . Incident took place in wake of heavy fighting between rebels and government forces . The yearlong military conflict has claimed more than 6,000 lives .


Patrick Revins, 49, sold heroin to policeman in November 2013. Police officer was able to identify Revins because of his initials tattooed on his forehead. Revins, at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court, admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.


The 76-sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds , near Godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . Its ideal location means it is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere . For the same amount , buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood .


Montpellier bus driver sparks outrage with comment over the ` odour ' Said smell from those traveling into the city on route 9 was ` a true infection ' Bus company TAM is said to have now outsourced that part of the route . But union bosses have said it risks creating ` apartheid ' in French city .


The British No 1 attended his second Barcelona match in less than a week . Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second leg . The 27-year-old was at the Nou Camp with best man Ross Hutchins . Murray is in Barcelona with Jonas Bjorkman training on clay courts .


Baron the German Shepherd was filmed using the bathroom . In the footage shared on Facebook , the dog raises the toilet seat , relieves himself and puts the seat down before flushing the toilet . The video has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times to date . Five-month-old pup was professionally trained at Hill Country K9 school .


Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald will open their new musical Finding Neverland on Broadway on April 27. Gary reveals that Jason will be cheering on his former bandmates on their new tour. Gary has revealed he is feeling equal parts nervous and excited about the prospect of seeing his bandmates on their new tour.


The Colorado estate was built in 2008 using materials from Italy and gives the homeowners a 360-degree unobstructed view of the Vail Valley . It has eight bedrooms and nine full bathrooms across 17,000-square-feet . The home is so remote that it took a team of engineers , $ 1 million and two years to build the 1.5-mile driveway .


Louis van Gaal handed Andres Iniesta his Barcelona debut . Spaniard thanked the trust the Manchester United manager placed in him . Iniesta claims 2009 Champions League success was one of his best finals . Barcelona defeated Chelsea and Man Utd on the way to Rome victory . Frank Ribery : Van Gaal is a bad man !


Woman who escaped IS capital Raqqa in Syria shares her story . She has seen people killed in front of her for breaking IS rules . Women will be whipped if they refuse to cover up in public . Hot metal skewer put in mouths of those caught smoking . ` IS has stripped women of all their freedom , ' she said .


The two images were taken 18 years apart, the first with the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array in New Mexico in 1996 and the second by an international team of astronomers led by the National Autonomous University of Mexico.


P!nk took to Twitter to address online comments about her body . Her `` squishiness '' is a result of happiness , she says .


roberto carlos has picked his champions league dream team . the brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with real madrid . carlos recalls the names he played with and against during his career .


Alexander Kutner travelled with his Sky presenter mum , Kay Burley . They stayed at the Ulusaba reserve in South Africa 's Sabi Sands . The stay at Cliff Lodge had luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef .


Natalie Dimitrovska set Dana Vulin on fire at her home in February 2012 . Ms Vulin suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body . Dimitrovska was sentenced to 17 years in jail for her drug affected crime . Lawyers argue her sentence was ` excessive ' for the harm caused . Her appeal will be heard in the Supreme Court of WA on Tuesday . Meanwhile , Ms Vulin has countless more reconstruction operations to go . Her scarring is so bad she ca n't straighten her elbows or lift her arms up .


The father, 32, was arrested for giving the drug to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. He was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter. Now he has spoke out in the hope he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws.


Stella Maxwell , 24 , was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell , who worked as a diplomat . She has since landed campaigns for ASOS , Alexander McQueen , H & M , River Island and Urban Outfitters . The 5ft 9in beauty now splits her time between Los Angeles and New York . She was born in Belgium and was raised there until she


Officials say the investigation originated from intercepted chatter . Possible threat focused on parts of California , one says .


The baby elephant walks alongside single file herd . It stops to dawdle pick up something with its trunk . Before managing to break the tail-to-trunk chain . The footage was captured by at Whipsnade zoo .


Next month 's visit to Moscow by the North Korean leader is off . This Victory Day marks the 70 years since the Soviet victory over Germany in World War II .


Paige VanZant and Felice Herrig had to be pulled apart. VanZant has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with Reebok. Herrig was clearly riled during the traditional staredown in Times Square.


The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market . Lawsuit cites `` a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of NuvaRing '' Maker : `` There is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of NuvaRing ''


Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit, and one of the big questions is whether he'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro. Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.


prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing new niece or nephew . the duchess of cambridge is now overdue for the birth of her second child . harry will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid may .


rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges . reports emerged on social media suggesting the newcastle owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks . ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous gers board in january . documents appeared on the government-run intellectual property office (ipo) website showing the club's trademarks were now controlled by sportsdirect.com retail ltd .


`` If Iran cheats , '' Obama says , `` the world will know it , '' he says . The U.S. . , Russia , China , France , the United Kingdom and Germany are involved in the talks with Iran . `` People negotiated hard . It was tough , very intense at times , sometimes emotional and confrontational , '' U.S. . Secretary of State John Kerry


The man , known only as Jason , is filmed popping the ganglion on his wrist . Involves hammering a needle into his arm with the handle of a screwdriver . A sticky ball of see-through jelly emerges from the cyst afterwards . Doctors do not advise popping ganglions as more fluid returns in future .


Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . Duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons ` 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 . The France international has scored three tries in the first six rounds of Super League XX . ` The news is a hugely disappointing blow for the player and the whole team , ' said


Scything expert Chris Riley , 56 , says actor Aidan Turner , 31 , should have kept his shirt on to protect himself from the sun . ` There was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time you 'd mow like that would be in a competition '


jason dufner has agreed a divorce settlement with wife amanda . the couple married in 2012 but separated in february 2015 . amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while jason will keep two of the couple's houses .


Current federal government guidelines dictate the people should limit their salt intake to 2,300 milligrams . Scientists now believe a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6,000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks . The same skeptics also warn of the health risks associated with consuming less than 3,000 milligrams . Average American ingests about 3,500 milligrams of salt per day .


Medical examiner 's report described how Gray may have injured neck . Theory claimed he fell forward while cuffed and hit his head on a bolt . But specifications for the Chevrolet Express van show no such bolt . Photographs of other Baltimore Police also contradict theory . Gray 's spine was somehow severed while in police custody on April 12 .


Drinks company offered Premier League £ 45million-a-year deal . But clubs turned it down because they have other deals with beers . Sky Sports block Thierry Henry from presenting award on Channel 4 . Richard Thompson looking to bring T20 blast highlights to terrestrial TV .


David Alaba was injured during Austria 's 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina . The 22-year-old left-back will be out for around seven weeks . Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals later this month .


Celtic wrote to the Scottish FA to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions during their Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Inverness on Sunday. The Hoops were left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box.


Jesper Blomqvist was part of Manchester United 's treble winning side . The midfielder rejected Sir Alex Feruguson 's first approach before signing . The Swede spent two years out injured before moving to Everton . Blomqvist now lectures with his brother to help people handle setbacks . The 41-year-old is playing for United 's legends against Bayern Munich 's at Old Trafford on June 14 in a charity match for the club foundation . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Princess Beatrice is in Florence for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference . She posed with US designer Tory Burch and met Karl Lagerfeld and Suzy Menkes . Last night , she enjoyed a lavish party at the Palazzo Corsini .


The suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland , Maryland . A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing . That guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , a fire spokesman said . The police chief said the suspect then fled the scene .


Hubble has helped make major discoveries but there are limits to how far it can see into space . The James Webb Space Telescope will work in the infra-red and be able to see objects that formed 13 billion years ago . Scientists also believe the new telescope will be able to detect planets around nearby stars .


Sir Alex Ferguson managed Manchester United between 1986-2013 . 73-year-old won 38 trophies during his 26-and-a-half years in charge . Honours include 13 Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues .


About a dozen Native American actors walk off set of Adam Sandler comedy , says report . Actors say satirical Western 's script is insulting to Native Americans and women .


Ross McCormack gave Fulham the lead after eight minutes at The Valley . But Johann Gudmundsson leveled the scores less than ten minutes later . Scott Parker was booed on his return to club , 11 years after he left . Share of the points in London leaves Charlton in 11th and Fulham in 20th .


Indonesia executed eight prisoners including two Australians on Wednesday . Two of `` Bali Nine '' were killed despite Australia 's pleas for mercy . All around the world , innocent people being killed by the state in our name , writes Mark Beeson .


Lionel Messi posted a picture of his son and wife on Instagram . Message read : ` Waiting for you baby . We love you . ' Messi 's first son Thiago was born in November 2012 .


Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive . The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch . Later the Queen led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph . Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry .


A homeless convicted sex-offender screamed , ` I 'm going to rape you ! ' before attacking a woman in a Manhattan bar , according to a criminal complaint . A 23-year old woman was allegedly raped in the bathroom stall of a bar in Manhattan 's posh Gramercy Park neighborhood on Saturday . Rodney Stover , 48 , was arrested on Wednesday in connection to the rape . NYPD released surveillance footage of the suspect on Tuesday and a bartender recognized the man as Stover . Stover had allegedly hid inside one of the bathroom stalls at Turnmill Bar at around 7.50 pm on Saturday then ambushed the young woman . He was arrested in 1992 for raping and sodomizing a woman he did not know and was released from prison on Valentine 's Day of this year .


Three young people got out of their red ute to threaten another driver . One was armed with a dagger and stabbed the car 's bonnet . The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $ 2000 fine .


The American Pharmacists Association passed a new policy banning members from participating in lethal injections . Pharmacists say role as health care providers conflicts with participation in lethal injection . The pharmacy association first adopted a policy against lethal injection in 1985 .


David Bulman , 55 , left his wife with a black eye and a lump on her head . A row had broken out after Bulman condemned her for not doing chores . She threw the managing director 's shirts outside before he attacked her . Bulman was given a 12-month community order at Bristol Crown Court .


Tommy Connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin Angela * in 10 years . In December she told him she was homeless and 32 weeks pregnant . The 23-year-old uni student told her to move in with him and supported her . Now Mr Connolly , who lives on the Sunshine Coast , is helping raise her four-week-old baby boy .


Hugo Lloris is a target for Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain . Tottenham are determined to keep the France No 1 at White Hart Lane . Daniel Levy is known to drive a hard bargain in his dealings with clubs . Click here for more transfer news .


Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds . Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi . She also claimed he stood behind her to ` grind ' up and down her back .


Hungarian national Evelin Mezei , 12 , has been found safe and well . She had gone missing from the Stratford area in London last night . Evelin had been seen on CCTV footage with an unknown man .


Manager Eddie Howe does not like having away fans behind the goal . The club will install undersoil heating in time for next season . Bournemouth all but secured promotion with a 3-0 win over Bolton .


Golden State Warriors beat off Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 . Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 . The Warriors had lost four games in a row at Staples Center . Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim eighth and final play-off spot . San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker scored 16 points against Miami Heat .


Ken Broskey, 69, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer. He has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage. Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign.


In the Championship , both Millwall and Wigan can be relegated . Watford can secure their place in the top flight , depending on other results . Preston can be promoted to the Championship if results go their way . Leyton Orient , Notts County and Colchester can go down in League One . Burton can be champions of League Two if they win against Northampton .


Off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service arrested Friday . Police said he was charged with trying to break into a woman 's residence .


Kelly Parsons injected herself twice a day with drugs for painful process . Her eggs have created five kids so far - twin girls , twin boys and a baby boy . 35-year-old also frozen a number of her eggs for future use . Mother-of-two has told her daughters they have brothers and sisters .


Manchester United currently sit third in the Premier League table . The Red Devils are 11 points behind leaders Chelsea . Ashley Young believes United will challenge for the title next season . The 29-year-old has praised Louis van Gaal 's managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club .


james boase was drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13, 2014 . the 36-year-old pub landlord claimed he went to bed at 12.30am . he then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a crash . boase insisted he had been 'sleep walking' and was not drunk . he was found guilty of drink driving and remanded on unconditional bail .


devendra bishoo will play in the second test against england . wrist spin has long been a bete noire for england batsmen . west indies captain denesh ramdin confirms bishoo will play .


Szilveszter , 24 , had petroleum jelly injected into penis by a friend . Told it would make him bigger . It left him swollen and in constant pain so he could n't have sex . Cosmetic surgeon admitted ` his penis is a disaster ' He needed hours of surgery in order to recover .


Victorino Chua , 49 , denies murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital . He is also accused of poisoning 18 others at the Stockport hospital in 2011 and 2012 . Chua 's barrister Peter Griffiths QC asked him specific questions . He said : ` Did you ever intend to injure , aggrieve or annoy any patient ? ' Chua replied : ` No sir '


Broad slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching left ankle . England bowler had complained about damp crease at Warner Park . Ground staff placed sand on the crease but Broad slipped over next ball . He required lengthy treatment on the field and an ice pack off it . Broad should be able to continue in practice match with St Kitts team . England loaned their hosts Trott , Ballance and Bairstow for more practice . Trott was out for a duck off the bowling of team-mate James Anderson .


Ben Cousins , 36 , has handed himself in at Fremantle Police Station . Arrest warrant was issued a day earlier after he failed to show up in court . Cousins was on bail for an alleged low speed police chase on March 11 . Charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . Cousins has been involved in a string of bizarre incidents in the weeks since which have seen him hospitalised for mental health checks .


22C forecast for South East is 11C warmer than average - and would beat 2015 high of 20.7 C in Aberdeenshire . Among the best coastal areas for warm weather tomorrow will be Hunstanton in Norfolk and Whitstable in Kent . Weather will stay mostly dry and sunny for next few days , but some showers are expected from late tomorrow . Defra warns asthma sufferers and people with lung problems of ` very high ' air pollution in South East tomorrow .


President Obama met Usain Bolt on Thursday during a town hall meeting. The world-class sprinter's lightning pose has become a trademark. Obama, who is from the United States, praised Bolt as 'nobody's ever been faster' Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday.


Andrea Dossena was arrested at Harrods in Knightsbridge on April 7 . The 33-year-old and a woman , 31 , were released after being interviewed . Sportsmail understands officers accepted his claims that he had simply forgotten to pay for a couple of items .


corporation spent licence fee payers' money on 44-page guide on emojis . emoji designers were also told to make graphics for stars' faces . bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent guide earlier this week . corporation used emojis in 'emoji budget' article last month . used 'sad face' emoji to describe death of world's oldest woman .


Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath is now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City . The 53-year-old has been has been in the United States for eight years and witnessed the boom of ` soccer ' Heath says Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard are in for a few culture shocks when they join the MLS revolution .


Liana Barrientos , 39 , of the Bronx , pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences . She is accused of marrying 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ` services ' She allegedly used an emergency exit at a Bronx subway station on Friday instead of paying for a metro card . She was


Elle cites the item as the most surprising thing in her handbag . The body 's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is . Many nutritionists say having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness . Elle has unveiled a new health product : The Super Elixir Nourishing Protein .


Yoko Ono said she was ` very saddened ' by news of Cynthia Lennon 's death . She praised Cynthia , 75 , as a ` great person ' with a ` strong zest for life ' Cynthia Lennon , nee Powell , married John Lennon after they met at college . She is the mother of the musician 's son Julian Lennon , who is now aged 51 . But the couple divorced in 1968 after Lennon left her for artist Yoko Ono .


Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at Manchester United. Fellaini was one of the stars of United's Manchester derby demolition against City. Now Rooney has revealed his admiration for the Belgium international.


flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30pm local time on monday . but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers waited 33 hours . some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .


marana police officer michael rapiejko rammed his patrol car into armed robbery suspect mario valencia in february . rapiejko told investigators that valencia had left him with no other choice but to use potentially lethal force . the footage sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling him a hero .


Alvaro Arbeloa , Asier Illarramendi and Nacho have given tour of complex . First-team players at Real Madrid have personalised rooms at club 's HQ . Carlo Ancelotti 's side can relax at HQ before and after training . Rooms contain Real Madrid-crested pillows , en suite and personalised TV . Real assistant Fernando Hierro has also shown off his private compartment . Real Madrid face rivals Atletico Madrid in Champions League on Tuesday .


Country band Lady Antebellum 's bus caught fire Thursday on a Texas freeway . A CNN iReporter captured the dramatic scene on video . Singer Hillary Scott shared a pic of the charred bus on Instagram .


Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday . Jermain Defoe scored the winner with a stunning volley from 25 yards . The striker was lost for words as he tried to describe the feeling .


amjad yaaqub, 16, saw isis fighters playing football with severed heads . he stumbled on the scene shortly after they burst into his family home . yarmouk refugee camp in damascus has been besieged by isis since october .


martin alvarado jr., 23, from cicero, illinois, allegedly repeatedly hit his girlfriend's 18-month-old son edwin eli o'reilly last thursday . he was watching the boy at their home when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change . alvarado allegedly confessed to the attack on videotape .


Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have been on death row for the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid. They are due to be executed on Monday for their part in the smuggling plot. But a court in February rejected their lawyers' bid for clemency.


Harry Kane scored twice as Tottenham Hotspur beat Burnley. The 21-year-old was Tottenham's youngest captain in the Premier League. Kane was chosen as captain after the club's poor start to the season.


kevin blandford, 33, from louisville, kentucky, won a free trip to puerto rico . but his wife, bonnie, stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter . each photo shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife .


The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon. The tornado took place at about 2:45pm near Belle Glade in Palm Beach County, but did not cause any damage, the Weather Channel reported. Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday.


Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba at Lille. He believes Kingsley Coman is the next big thing at Juventus. Lichtsteiner played alongside Pogba at Juventus where he feels he is watching Coman.


Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 . The Filipino has been given a speed ball with Mayweather 's face painted on it by celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro . Shapiro is most famed for representing OJ Simpson in 1995 . The fight is billed as ` The Biggest Fight in History '


Christian Trousedale , 18 , walked the 95-year-old man to his front door . He held his hand as they made their way to his home in Horwich , near Bolton . His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she posted on Facebook . The picture has been ` liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared


The Block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28 . The apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look . Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos .


Tim Sherwood will move for Chris Ramsey if he leaves QPR in the summer . The pair forged a close bond during their time together at Tottenham . Ramsey has lost six out of his seven games in charge of QPR . Sherwood also wishes Darren Bent was still at Villa Park .


Haroon Moghul : Tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of Boston Marathon . How to prevent future such acts by young Muslims ? Pew reports by 2050 , one in 4 will be Muslim . Many equate terror with Islam . Not true , but we should grasp what causes radicalization . Moghul : Muslims see their community besieged around world , some think solution is violence . They must be shown other way to help .


Joshua Finbow , 23 , Craig Stoner , 24 , Simon Radford , 31 , and Darren Smalley , 35 , are being held by military police . Men were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia . Allegedly attacked a 21-year-old woman at Shearwater naval base near Halifax . Alleged attack took place at the base on April 10 when alleged offence took place


Arizona 's The Wave and the Fairy Chimneys in Turkey were formed by layers of rock and erosion . It was n't a stretch for Iceland 's Svinafellsjokull glacier to co-star as ` space ' in Interstellar . Grand Prismatic Spring in Yellowstone National Park looks like a volcano about to explode . The Zhangye Danxia Landform in China are hills that take on all the colours of the rainbow .


Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , killed Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 . He shot them in ` execution-style ' slayings in Montague , Prince Edward Island . Brent 's sister , Cathy , was killed in car crash in 1970 ; her father , Herbert , received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving . In February , he pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent . On Monday , he was sentenced to life in prison and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .


App allows shoppers to scan items in their home and store them over the course of a week or fortnight. When they enter a local store, a map will appear on the phone showing the customer where their groceries are to save them time trawling the aisles.


A girl is seized by authorities who thought she was the daughter of a woman in Houston . DNA tests show she is not . The mother of Alondra Luna Nuñez says : `` They stole my child ''


critics allege dvla has been operating a 'money-making scam' after figures showed clamping soared after paperless system was introduced .


Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage. But magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty. Council officials had told Ms Gaynor that she could trim the tree near her home in Rotherham.


Seven years ago , insurance saleswoman Katia Apalategui lost her father . Her grieving mother coped with loss by sniffing late husband 's pillowcase . Inspired her to come up with permanent way to capture person 's scent . But bottles of loved ones perfume will set customers back £ 400 a bottle .


Nick Cannon has demanded $ 30M to settle his divorce from Mariah - even though their prenup calls for less . Mariah has refused and now Nick has inked a deal with an imprint of Simon & Schuster , Gallery Books . Nick filed for divorce last December after six years of marriage . Mariah and Nick have been battling about money and custody of their twins ever since . Nick to reveal secrets about drug use , strange eating habits , her put-downs of other artists , her sexual proclivities .


Chelsea edged ever closer to the title with win against Leicester City . But not before Jose Mourinho gave his squad a half-time rollicking . Chelsea fell behind in first-half injury time via Marc Albrighton 's goal . The Blues reacted well and earned the victory with three second-half goals . READ : Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson calls journalist an OSTRICH .


Celtic manager Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge of the Bhoys were mentally tough . The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the manager of the club . Deila said : ` People are insecure and that 's a hard time for the coach and the players ' Deila was asked if he was ready to manage a club like Celtic .


sunderland lost 4-0 to aston villa at the stadium of light four weeks ago . gus poyet was sacked 48 hours later and dick advocaat was installed . costel pantilimon admits there has been a mood change under advocaat .


Drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the NHS . It ` bullied ' experts who tried to prove drug can be used to treat blindness . Avastin is effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration . Cheaper than the current treatment it would save NHS £ 102million a year .


Boris Johnson issues rally cry to defeat Ed Miliband in ` Battle For Britain ' London Mayor has warned that Labour victory next month would be ` mad ' He says Conservatives need five years to ` entrench the economic recovery '


brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager . the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton . current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month .


Officer Michael Rapiejko said he needed to use lethal force to stop the suspect . Mario Valencia was carrying a rifle and fired one round into the air . Rapiejko said two options crossed his mind and it was too far to shoot Valencia .


YouTube user , MicahMedia , has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg . He pops the egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it a quarter of the way with water . He then places his hand over the top of the glass , completely covering it . His next move is to vigorously shake the glass from left to right .


Bob Katter , federal MP for Kennedy , is of Lebanese descent . He said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past . Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history from Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk . Mr Katter has since defended the statement ,


Chelsea can secure the league title if they beat Arsenal and Leicester . Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger have had a decade of touchline battles . Mourinho has hit back at Wenger 's ` defensive ' jibes ahead of Sunday . He said : ` If it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to Monaco '


Nine people have been arrested by soldiers after 500 feet long tunnel found under home in Tijuana , Mexico . Secret passageway accessed through trapdoor hidden inside wooden wardrobe in property bedroom . Underground tunnel was being built close to the Mexican border crossing near San Diego , California . Officials believe gang were constructing the passageway in a bid to smuggle drugs covertly into the U.S.


Daniel Sturridge believes Raheem Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly for Liverpool . Sterling is stalling on a new £ 100,000-a-week contract at Anfield . The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe 's top clubs .


Real Madrid have not beaten rivals Atletico Madrid since last season's Champions League final. Atletico have won four of their last seven games against Real. Cristiano Ronaldo couldn't find the back of the net as Real drew 0-0 with Atleti last week.


Joshua Sweet , 20 , broke into the house in the early hours of the morning . Victim was psychologically scarred after being assaulted in her own bed . Maximum sentence is 8 years but Sweet served just two months on remand . Support charity says ` victim 's deserve justice ' in reaction to lenient sentence .


Inter Milan have asked Manchester City about loaning Stevan Jovetic . City are willing to listen to cash offers for the former Fiorentina star . Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for City midfielder Yaya Toure . He believes Toure would choose to join Inter if he leaves City this summer .


spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain . but then the climate warmed to 13°c (55°f) and became more humid . this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . the research was led by dr jordi agusti from the catalan institution for research and advanced studies .


Lydia Ko posted a round of 71 in first round of the ANA Inspiration . The 17-year-old equalled Annika Sorenstam 's LPGA record of 29 successive rounds under par . Michelle Wie stumbled with a double bogey at the 18th for a score of 73 .


Farmer from eastern China confesses he 's puzzled by the newborn kid . The 20-day-old goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs . Owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful . Extra legs wo n't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .


the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber . the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration . hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . kitzhaber resigned in february amid allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business .


Maths problem set for 14-year-olds left people around the world baffled . Question uses logical reasoning to rule out all of the dates apart from one . It was set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Maths Olympiads -LRB- SASMO -RRB- Teaser generated furious online debate - but correct answer was July 16 .


Yves Van De Ven, 37, from Belgium, uploaded a picture of himself 'missing' the Eiffel Tower. He posted the picture to social media, where it was shared by hundreds of others. The picture was posted on 4chan, where users submitted their own 'improved' versions of the picture.


Larry Upright's daughter says the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics. The obituary also describes Upright as an active member of local Masonic and Shriners organizations and a country club. Upright retired after a career in the building automation industry.


Dr Oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia 's College of Physicians and Surgeons . The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 . Dr Henry Miller of California 's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter .


`` Lost River '' is Ryan Gosling 's first feature as director . The film is set in Detroit , a city on the brink of annihilation . Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project . `` We wanted to share the experience these people were having ''


bergen-belsen concentration camp in germany was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 . it became the final resting place of 50,000 jews, gypsies, homosexuals, nazi opponents and the disabled . reverend charles martin king parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it, took these images .


Bespoke mascara and foundation are part of the newest generation of personalised beauty products . Skincare brands are also increasingly tailored to specific needs . Harvey Nichols says ` one size fits all concept simply does n't cater to customers ' individual needs at all times anymore '


a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency’s metop-b satellite has been released . parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6c in achnagart and 16.4c in pembrey sands . forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the mediterranean .


celtic beat dundee united 4-0 at tannadice park on sunday . leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick in the convincing win . griffiths has reinvented himself as celtic's top scorer .


Jade Walters , 21 , loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride . She did n't realise she would never see him again after he was sold at auction . Selling a horse at auction is notoriously risky -- bidders are not vetted and some horses are bought for slaughter .


abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a volkswagen passat in wembley . he was embroiled in dispute with former workplace, the an-noor mosque . hassan anyabwile, 53, from trinidad and tobago, replaced mr arwani . anyabwile was involved in attempted coup d'état in 1990 by muslim group jamaat al muslimeen .


List of punishments for anyone who falls foul of ISIS' strict interpretation of its own laws. Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death. Couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and 'banishment' from the community.


researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima . the barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens . this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .


The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the Gone Girl abduction of Denise Huskins says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity . In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle , the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer , or that he would ` go overseas and teach English ' or ` live off the grid and read books for the rest


Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday . Ander Herrera opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal 's side in the 43rd minute . Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley on 79 minutes to make it 2-0 . Christian Benteke pulled one back for Villa in the 80th minute .


A red Mazda left the road smashed into the front of a property in Leeds . Luckily no-one was seriously injured in crash which destroyed front of car . Occupants escaped with minor injuries while the driver has been reported .


self-styled ‘angry leftie revolutionary and magician’ gareth shoulder, from liverpool, has been recruited by bbc to comment on election . 24-year-old used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ twitter page to make disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy . shoulder also said pm had ‘really annoyed’ him and made him want to tear politicians ‘a new one’ .


Maria Sharapova lost to Angelique Kerber in Stuttgart on Thursday . The German fought back to claim a 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 victory . Sharapova will now be replaced by Simona Halep as the world No 2 .


jay kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party . he leapt onto tracks at his local station of sudbury hill in north-west london . london school of economics graduate died instantly of 'traumatic brain injury' coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death at north london coroner's court . he said there was 'doubt' as to mr kantaria's intention when he jumped .


Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . Footage apparently taken by a fan beforehand shows homophobic chant . It appears to show fans singing about Ashley Cole to a Lily Allen song . Roma defender Cole left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006 . A Metropolitan police spokesman confirms they are assessing the video .


A Wisconsin pizzeria is harassed by people confusing it with one in Indiana . Owners of Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. have gotten angry calls , Facebook posts . Memories Pizza of Walkerton , Indiana , made headlines amid `` religious freedom '' debate .


National Park Week is April 18 through April 26 . Most of the National Park Service 's 407 sites are free year-round . The 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free those two days . Check out night-time astronomy parties , daytime Revolutionary War programs .


Has appeared in Hobbs and Seraphine during her pregnancy . Some of her outfits have cost as little as £ 35 , among them ASOS dress . Recycled Dalmatian print Hobbs coat from her last pregnancy .


Police say they ca n't confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash , which injured a pregnant woman . Jones is the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion .


Grammy Award-winning artist tops UK album chart for first time in 25 years . Paul Simon , 73 , outsold more youthful musicians such as Ed Sheeran . His album The Ultimate Collection includes 19 tracks from a 50-year-career . Simon 's recent tour with Sting is thought to have propelled him to top spot .


labour leader said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month 'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2million . but mr miliband claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . the claim comes despite revelations his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny .


Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in their Premiership clash on Friday night . James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored for the Hoops . Manager Ronny Deila was impressed with his side 's performance . But he said the state of the pitch in Scotland was ` terrible ' Deila said Scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches . He


Kamron T. Taylor was recently convicted of murder . He stole officers keys and uniform being fleeing the jail in officers vehicle . Taylor was awaiting sentencing when he escaped . The 23-year-old fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape . A $ 1,000 cash reward is being offered for any information . Authorities say they have found a 15-year-old girl who they had thought to be in the company of the murderer .


Roar , the film that took 11 years to create and was originally released in cinemas 1981 is being re-released at some cinemas in the US in April . Film features Noel Marshall , his real-life partner Tippi Hedren and their kids , James Marshall and Melanie Griffith . Family lived alongside 150 untamed animals in order to make movie . ` Dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family , ' says James in a new interview . Injuries to the crew included a broken leg , gangrene and large wounds , with James needing six men to pull a lion off him at one point .


Steve Bruce is confident he can keep Hull City in the Premier League . Hull were beaten 2-0 by Southampton on Saturday and are just two points clear of the drop zone . Ronald Koeman 's side moved to fifth in the table ahead of Tottenham and Liverpool .


Christian Benteke has scored six goals in eight games . Emmanuel Adebayor thrived under Tim Sherwood at Tottenham last term . Sherwood handed Jack Grealish only his second Villa start on Saturday .


Argentine president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said islands not British . She said : ` We will see the islands form part of our territory again ' Also publicly attacked plan to boost defences on the South Atlantic islands . Claimed she would sue oil firms drilling in the waters around the islands .


Curt Almond , from Bristol , spent £ 40 per week on new Calvin Klein boxers . During a year-long addiction , Mr Almond forked out £ 2,000 on 365 pairs . He threw them away after one wear so he could enjoy ` crisp pair ' each day . Mr Almond , 26 , forced to curb habit after craze almost landed him in debt .


Suchet , 71 , said his marriage to his Bonnie had been ` made in heaven ' Had been open about Bonnie 's dementia and even wrote a book about it . She died ` peacefully ' on April 15 , according to a notice in a newspaper .


Renault have promised Red Bull that they will resolve power-unit problems . Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of F1 . Daniil Kvyat 's Red Bull and Max Verstappen ' Toro Rosso both suffered a power-unit failure at Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai .


Cape Verde is home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world . The island country is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish . One early musical success has been the Kriol Jazz Festival .


Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig , Germany , found that peppermint plants can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke . The finding may explain why some spices , herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine . Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity .


The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead . A court granted the suspect bail last year .


Frida Ghitis : Obama and Castro meeting should not be the end of the summit story . She says the U.S. . has been losing ground in this increasingly important region . She says large diplomatic gatherings are minutely orchestrated events , and the U.S. . knows the importance of dotting the I 's . She says recent summits have descended into diplomatic and PR disasters for the U.S. .


Defeat by Everton showed that Manchester United have a long way to go . Daley Blind is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of Michael Carrick . United should bring in Sven Bender and Ilkay Gundogan in midfield . Playmaker Henrikh Mkhitaryan would also improve Louis van Gaal 's side . READ MORE : Brendan Rodgers is ruining Rickie Lambert 's career . READ MORE : Mesut Ozil is in danger of becoming an Arsenal flop .


pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes as slager chased scott into a park and shot him dead . fulton's attorney has released a statement as slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny .


Reading are 18th in the Championship while Birmingham City sit in 15th . Clayton Donaldson 's 83rd minute header secured the three points . The FA Cup semi-finalists dominated possession but were made to pay .


Thabo Sefolosha says he `` experienced a significant injury and ... the injury was caused by the police '' He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing early April 8 . They were not involved in the stabbing police said , but they were arrested for obstruction , other charges .


`` They got it wrong , '' Aaron Hernandez says as he is transported to prison . The jury deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days . Mother of murder victim Odin Lloyd says she forgives those who played a role in her son 's death .


Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands , local officials say . Teen brothers exposed to the pesticide while on vacation are both in comas ; parents are recovering .


Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison . He is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse . But families of his victims are furious at plans to move him to a low-security Priory unit set in Berkshire woodland . Sutcliffe is said to be enjoying an easy lifestyle in jail eating chocolate and watching TV .


earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called amasia . in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole . recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents rodinia and pangaea . and scientists are now able to study the changes in unprecedented ways .


Wolfsburg drew 1-1 with Schalke in the Bundesliga on Sunday . Nicklas Bendtner was due to start but was dropped from the squad . It was punishment after Bendtner arrived late for training on Friday .


Lifelong Blackpool fan Frank Knight forced to pay £ 20,000 in damages . The pensioner made allegations about the Oyston family on Facebook . Seasiders fan Joe Atherton set up an online account to raise money . Football supporters have now met the £ 20,000 target . Club is owned by Owen Oyston , while son Karl is Blackpool chairman . Knight ordered to make a public apology following Facebook comments .


Fabio Borini visited Go Ape adventure park in Delamere Forest on Tuesay . The Liverpool striker shared Instagram pictures from his day out . Borini came on as a substitute for Liverpool against Newcastle on Monday .


Myuran Sukumaran has asked to spend his last days painting. His final request comes as images from Nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by Sukumaran in his cell. His brother, Chinthu Sukumaran has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad while Sukumaran's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings.


School children as young as nine are posting public ` Hot or Not ' videos . Some more cutting clips can gather over 2,000 views online . What effect will this new form of humiliation have on the next generation ?


Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado , 26 , from Chiapas , Mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in Provo , Utah , April 16 . She moved to Provo a month ago after completing Mormon mission to Mexico . Elizabeth Smart and her father held a press conference Friday to draw public 's attention to Salgado 's missing person case . Woman 's uncle said she has told him a young man had been pestering her to go out with him , forcing her to pretend having a boyfriend .


18-time olympic champion michael phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics on wednesday . phelps said he won't be swimming at the world meet in russia in august as part of the punishment set forth by the sport's u.s. governing body . phelps is back in arizona, where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on dui charges in his hometown of baltimore last september .


The chilling details of a 'resurrection ceremony' held for a 'possessed' two-year-old boy in a Texas residence have emerged. Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him.


Aston Villa host Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Saturday . Mauricio Pochettino says Tim Sherwood will be given a good reception . Sherwood was sacked by Tottenham last summer after five months in charge . Pochettinos side are currently sixth in the Premier League .


Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland. The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states. He believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner.


Danny Cevallos : It wo n't come as news to anyone today that the authority to make an arrest carries with it the potential to escalate to lethal force . He says failure to pay child support is not a crime , but Skipping child support court should not be a crime . He says a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support is n't about catching criminals


Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona 's attacking trio . Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship , says Pique . Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final clash . Pique took some time out to wax lyrical about his team-mates . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .


mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan, mexico, for six years . earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years . gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends .


Maarij Khan , 11 , and his mother Mushammat set to be deported from UK . Brother Saffat , 10 , died of meningitis last month after years-long cancer battle left his immune system weakened . Maarij is distraught at the possibility of being unable to visit Saffat 's grave . 3,500 people have signed a petition calling on the Home Office to allow the family to stay .


Christopher Flowers , 84 , was driving on Rochester , NY , street on March 9 . Dropped lit cigarette , causing several layers of clothes to burst into flames . Three drivers stopped to help as fire engulfed pensioner 's torso and head . One tried to put out flames with hands ; another threw him into snow bank . Flowers , from Chili , rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital with severe burns . On Sunday , hospitals officials announced retired marine has passed away .


Liverpool 's squad were in attendance at Anfield to remember the 96 supporters who died at Hillsborough . They were joined by families of the victims , club legends and thousands of fans . Liverpool and Everton captains Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 ballons into the sky . Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe were with the first team squad at the Hillsborough memorial service .


Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America . More than 200 members , aged 14 to 22 , have faced discrimination throughout their lives . Many have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons . Now , the ` tight-knit ' gang members are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have


NEW: "It's disrespect to the family," says Rev. Jamal Bryant. "It's inexcusable," Bryant says.


Floyd Mayweather uploaded a picture inside his private jet on Wednesday . Mayweather will face Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in a welterweight unification bout at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . Mayweather will pit his WBA and WBC world belts against Pacquiao 's WBO .


Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad , 56 , allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk . He allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias . The woman , known as Patient A , told a hearing considering his fitness to practise . She said she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring . She said


Charlie Adam scored brilliant long range goal against Chelsea on Saturday . The Scot scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves in 2009 . The goal was captured on video by Blackpool 's Tangerine TV .


fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in northern territory . the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water . the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals .


Gao Yu , 71 , gave ` state secrets to foreigners ' , according to Beijing court . Ruled that she leaked Communist party missive to Hong Kong media outlet . Document warns of ` dangers ' of multiparty democracy , independent media . Gao appear on Chinese state broadcaster last May admitting to a ` mistake '


A woman discovered a tree snake curled up inside a shopping trolley . Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to the rescue at Coles Caboolture . When he arrived , he managed to untangle the snake from the trolley . He safely released it back into the bushland just kilometres away . Mr Gilbert also gave Daily Mail readers his top tips to avoid getting bitten .


Statue in Wuhan , central China , depicts country 's first ruler and his wife . Tourists fondling her exposed breast has damaged statue , officials say . Legend has it that Yu was lead to wife by a magical nine-tailed fox .


Brendan Rodgers has hit out at those advising Raheem Sterling . Sterling has refused a big-money deal to extend his contract at Anfield . Rodgers claims Sterling would be more likely to stay if not for his advisors . Liverpool boss believes the player is being manipulated by outside forces .


Baltimore mayor says she wants to `` clarify '' use of the term . Some community leaders in the city call the term equivalent to the n-word . Others disagree and do n't want the debate overshadowing the issues .


Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province. The plant, located in Zhangzhou city, produces paraxylene (PX), a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics. The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak, though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill.


anne jarmain, 86, was killed when her car was washed away in flood waters in maitland on wednesday morning . her body was found at 7pm on wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater . her family and friends are in shock, with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet, 'strong-willed' woman to stay at home . ms jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stal


Tulsa reserve deputy Robert Bates was silent as he appeared in court in Tulsa on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to 2nd-degree manslaughter . Despite the charges , the judge told the millionaire retiree that he is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas . Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser when he shot Eric Harris , who was fleeing from a sting operation on April 2 . On Tuesday , Harris ' family said that while they continue to mourn the loss of their loved one , Bates will be enjoying his ` wealth and privilege ' abroad .


Betty Johnson , 86 , was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 . Last season , she attended every home game apart from three . The ailing mother-of-five had been in hospice care since April 7 . On Thursday , Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery visited her and she passed away .


kristen lindsey, 31, from brenham, texas, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow believing it was feral . she then posted a horrifying image of her holding the animal on facebook . beneath the image, lindsey wrote: 'my first bow kill... lol. the only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through its head' she lost her job at the washington animal clinic after the image began circulating online .


Nicky Law scored two goals as Rangers comfortably beat Raith Rovers . Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark also got on the scoresheet at Ibrox . Rangers had suffered defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday . But Stuart McCall 's side recovered to keep up the pressure on Hibernian .


Scott Kelley , now 50 , and Mary Nunes , now 19 , went missing in fall 2004 . Genevieve Kelley , Mary 's mom , fled during custody fight with girl 's dad . Family hid in Costa Rica for ten years until Genevieve emerged last year . Scott and Mary were stopped on Monday as they tried to enter the U.S. .


Jennifer Houle went missing between 1 am and 2 am on Friday during a night out with a friend in Minneapolis . Police discovered video footage showing her alone on a nearby bridge and said she entered the water - but it is not clear if she jumped or fell . Teams searching the water recovered her body on Wednesday . Medical examiner 's office say Houle died of freshwater drowning .


Chloe Knapton , 21 , was driving home from a night out when she was attacked . Her friend stopped to get out of her car to move a bike out of the way of traffic . As she left the car , a man waiting at a bus shelter came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle . He then hurled abuse at her , before walking up to


Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid . The deal was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday . Chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow the club 's brand in Asia .


paul scholes does not believe there is a british manager in the premier league . scholes believes ryan giggs could lead manchester united to the champions league . scholes believes jurgen klopp would be a welcome addition to the premier league .


Alfie taken when burglars raided Kirsty Mitton 's home in West Midlands . Later ran out in front of inspector 's car 112 miles away in Gerrards Cross . He leapt inside after inspector opened door and his chip revealed identity . Owner says safe return of seven-year-old dog has left her ` over the moon '


Customers used to white lids on the famous zero calorie , zero sugar type . Other variants Coke Zero and Coke Life used to have black and green tops . But company has now brought all four variants ` together under one brand ' Company accused of ` messing with our heads ' with red tops for all types .


Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to La Liga giants Barcelona . However Gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the Nou Camp . The striker joined Fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over £ 17m .


Mike Tindall owned Monbeg Dude finished third in the Grand National . Tindall was seen making a beeline to the place marked with a number ' 3 ' The 10-year-old Monbeg Dude was 40/1 before the race at Aintree .


Dozens of animal welfare complaints made after Northern Ireland event . Horse pictured trying to jump over car with glass still in windscreen . One animal is seen crashing head first into turf - dismounting a rider . Animal welfare group says horses were ` exploited and abused ' in event .


50-year-old man died after suffering a suspected heart attack on holidays . He collapsed after ordering breakfast at a restaurant in 101 Legian Hotel . The dead man is believed that he was from Seymour in Victoria . An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death . The man had earlier told a waitress he was not feeling well . Kuta is a holiday destination loved by Australian tourists .


Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday night . Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored the goals in the first half . Genero Zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for Robbie Neilson 's men .


It took jurors just an hour to convict Susan Monica on the murder charges on Tuesday . On Monday , Monica 's former cellmate testified in court and said she sent her a letter signed from ` the sweetest murderer in Jackson County ' Prosecutors said Monica murdered two handymen who worked on her farm between 2012 and 2013 . Monica said she killed the first man , Stephen Delicino , out of self defense when he attacked her . She says she later found Robert Haney being eaten by her pigs and shot him out of mercy . However , she never reported either of their deaths to police . The remains were found buried on her farm , with signs that they had been fed on by animals - most likely her pigs .


Melbourne-born , Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas ` domestic and international pilots . He will spend time talking to pilots , travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms . The new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year . CEO Alan Joyce said there are an increasing number of women joining the


Robin Ellis , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 . Poldark star read Michel Montignac 's book , Dine Out And Lose Weight . Advocates giving up white carbohydrates rather than counting calories . Robin has since written a number of cookbooks for people with diabetes . He eats oats , walnuts , apricots and prunes with almond milk for breakfast .


Barbara Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her South Carolina home on January 2 . The coroner 's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect . Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members .


floyd mayweather has dismissed conor mcgregor's recent comments . mayweather said mcgregor is just looking to gain publicity for his fight . mcgregor fights jose aldo on july 11 .


Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years . Kolo Toure said Steven Gerrard was ` sad ' after the defeat . But he also felt sorry for Liverpool 's fans and said they deserved to have a trophy . The former England captain


Robert Butler , 43 , transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence , Rhode Island , to Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston . The complex operation on Sunday took 7 hours and involved two local fire departments . Mr Butler has had a decade-long battle with his weight and depression .


It took penalties , but holders Bayern Munich progressed to the semi-finals . Manuel Neuer and Thiago Alcantara starred as they won the shootout . Alcantara was lucky to still be on the pitch after making a nasty challenge . Robert Lewandowski also had a legitimate goal mistakenly ruled out .


Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first Test against New Zealand in Abu Dhabi . The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand . But the 34-year-old is free to resume bowling in international cricket after testing in Chennai .


Leroy Fer has not played since damaging knee ligaments in mid-February . QPR boss Chris Ramsey hopes he will make the squad to face West Ham . Defenders Richard Dunne and Yun Suk-Young have returned from injury .


April is National Get Tested Month , and there are many lab tests to order on yourself . Aaron Carroll : Private sector is gearing up to serve the `` test me '' market . It 's hard for us to make people feel better , but it 's not that hard to make them feel worse . He says research shows there are real side-effects to testing the well


Manchester City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday . The reigning champions have laid on six coaches to transport 3,000 fans . The move was made after TV scheduling made it impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night . Meanwhile , hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare because of the Easter rail shut down


Arsenal are having reservations over their interest in Raheem Sterling. Brendan Rodgers has backed his wayward star but contract stand-off has created tension at Liverpool. Arsenal are unlikely to be the only club in the race to land Sterling if Liverpool fail to resolve the current contract impasse.


Kyle Toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula . It measures a whopping 45ft in length , and according to its maker , sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft . Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides .


remote community in aberdeenshire shares name with popular essex reality tv show . local streams have been well known for grains of gold of 'significant size' scientists believe towie sits on major gold deposits worth millions .


Rory McIlroy bidding to win his first Masters title this week at Augusta . The Northern Irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in Georgia . McIlroy looking for third straight major victory after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year . One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for McIlroy in Wednesday 's Par-3 Contest .


Hugh Roche Kelly told how pilot dispelled ` tense vibe ' with his actions . Left cockpit so passengers could see him and spoke in three languages . Comes week after co-pilot Andreas Lubitz brought down Flight 4U9525 . Second black box has confirmed that he did deliberately kill 150 people .


AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes in the Grand National on Saturday . Champion jockey ultimately chose Shutthefrontdoor for big race at Aintree . Royale Knight is worth an each-way punt at more speculative odds .


Laura Robson shared a photo on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival in Florida. The 21-year-old has been working up her fitness for a return to the tennis court. Robson has been missing from the court since March due to a left wrist problem.


The Large Hadron Collider is ready to begin its first experiments. The LHC is a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world. It generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours.


English supermodel Stephen James Hendry has landed in Sydney . The 24-year-old is one of the most in-demand models in the industry . He has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes . He says he is recently single and having fun .


David Haye stopped on arrival at Dubai International Airport for a holiday . He was taken to a police station and handed over his passport . Cheque had been the final payment on a new property in the UAE . He says the ` bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error . The 34-year-old has n't fought since beating Dereck Chisora in July 2012 .


Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-final second leg on Tuesday night . Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was sent off against Chelsea . The Swede has never won the trophy as a player . Ibrahimovic spent a season at the Nou Camp in 2009/10 .


rose byrne, gracie otto, krey boylan, shannon murphy, jessica carrerea and krey boylan have formed the 'doll house collective' the quintet will collaborate on films, share ideas and provide financial support to each other .


A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised . Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G . But the actual figure is only 2.5 times faster-14 . 7 megabits per second compared to 5.9 Mbit / s per second on the 3G service that most people use . EE , O2 , Vodafone and Three are not as fast


gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film, which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core 'star wars' saga . at the screening, audience members were heard to gasp when alec guinness as obi wan kenobi in a voiceover reprised from 1977's star wars: a new hope .


Jonas Bjorkman joined Andy Murray 's camp on an initial trial . Amelie Mauresmo is due to give birth to her first child in August . Bjorkman will work with Murray right through to the US Open . Murray is in Munich to compete in this week 's BMW Open on clay .


Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media . Photos have been posted on passenger 's Instagram page Passenger Shaming . Include people who do n't flush the toilet and people going into the bathroom without shoes or socks . One passenger found a plastic bag full of urine under one of the seats .


Nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . Danny Cevallos : Present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practices .


Coffee can stop cancer returning in women treated with tamoxifen . Tamoxifen stops oestrogen reaching tumour cells , so they do not grow . Coffee drinkers had fewer cancers and their tumours were smaller . Caffeine cuts of signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow .


Belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman . He was joined by Larry Holmes and Adonis Stevenson in Mexico City . It will be awarded to winner of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao . Creation contains diamonds and gold and is worth over $ 1million .


Dartford goalkeeper Jason Brown was racially abused in October last year . The former Blackburn goalkeeper was facing Bristol Rovers . Brown criticised Kick It Out for not doing enough with the case .


Eve Addison developed strange swelling in her collarbone after gin . Switching brands did n't help and she felt dreadful on nights out . After suffering night sweats , tests revealed she had Hodgkin Lymphoma . One symptom is swollen lymph nodes in neck , which can hurt after alcohol .


andrew chan, 21, and myuran sukumaran, 24, were ringleaders of the bali nine . they were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin . chan was the youngest of four children and the son of chinese immigrants . he once described himself as the black sheep of his family . sukumaran, a university drop-out and the eldest of three, still lived with his parents while working in a mail room . thirteen years after their fateful first meeting, the bali nine are now


Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle -LRB- HPV -RRB- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September . It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour -LRB- 34.42 km/h -RRB- over a 656ft -LRB- 200-metre -RRB- stretch of tarmac . The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot .


Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec , Canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free . With some zealous tugs , he eventually managed to free his head and get back on all fours .


Dr Mehmet Oz is vice chairman at Columbia 's College of Physicians and Surgeons and is a professor of surgery . He said in a statement that his show provides ` multiple points of view ' , including his , ` which is offered without conflict of interest ' Comes after ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for Oz 's dismissal . Said there 's no scientific proof his ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements work . The Dr Oz Show will air a special episode Thursday , most of which will be dedicated to his rebuttal .


Norwich midfielder Alexander Tettey scored an own goal on eight minutes . Win for Middlesbrough moves them ahead of Bournemouth with 84 points . Defeat drops Norwich into fourth - two points behind with two games left .


Jason Lee , 38 , was arrested in August 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in East Hampton . After inviting the woman and her friends back to the house , he allegedly undressed , forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor . Lee was celebrating his birthday at a Hamptons night club night of incident . The former investment banker pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail .


Many of the companies named in a report out April 9 from the Citizens for Tax Justice even received federal tax REBATES . The companies include household names such as CBS , Mattel , Prudential and Time Warner .


Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain at Augusta National . The Northern Irishman 's huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles . Shorter hitters or those with low ball flight will have no roll on the wet fairways and will be hitting their approach shots from miles back .


The Duchess of Cambridge 's second child is due ` mid to late April ' Royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such . April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess 's due date . But the Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed . Prince William has finished his Air Ambulance training earlier than expected . He will


Sean Heslop has been questioned by detectives over the allegations . He has been suspended from the academies in Folkestone and Ramsgate . The governors confirmed a confidential investigation has been launched . Mr Heslop has been released on police bail until July 30 .


The body of a 3-year-old girl was found at a Las Vegas home. Police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with death. A search warrant was served at the family's home.


Roberto Mancini has cancelled players' day off after 1-1 draw with Parma. The coach was furious with his players' attitude after Saturday's draw. The Italian was furious with his side's attitude after the draw.


Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain 's obesity crisis . The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming . Steve claims his interventions could save the country and the NHS millions .


Manchester City host West Ham at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday . Manuel Pellegrini 's side have lost six of their last eight games . City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - before suffering their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October .


61-year-old former pm said he had 'decades' still in him and joked that he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles . mr blair said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .


Asiana Airlines flight OZ162 crashed at 8pm local time at Hiroshima Airport . Plane spun 180 degrees to be left facing the wrong way on the runway . TV footage appeared to show evidence of a hard landing and no sign of the landing gear . Airport has been closed as a result of the crash and emergency services are at the scene .


Joanna Biggs tells the stories of real people she has interviewedin the UK . She offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work . Confesses she hoped for more resistance to the way society is organised .


A Boston-area dog ate three of her owner 's wristwatches . A veterinarian removed about 1 lb . of watch parts from her stomach . Mocha the Doberman is now doing well .


Jennifer Pagonis , 29 , has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome -LRB- AIS -RRB- , a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . She was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse . She now uses the first name ` Pidgeon


Police discovered the body of a female in bushland on Friday afternoon . Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday which sparked a search . The burnt remains is believed to be the much-loved school teacher . Police will contact authorities in Holland for a background check on accused killer , Vincent Stanford , who was charged with murder . Stanford 's family led police to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith . Forensic testing will be carried out on the remains of the body on Monday .


Rhiannon Taylor , 29 , travels the world reviewing the best hotels , beds , pools and room service for her job . The prolific Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram . The Melbourne-based photographer also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear , allowing her to generate further income . She has travelled everywhere from Indonesia to the U.S. . and


Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral. There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. The rooms are all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.


Southampton have seen several of their best players leave in recent years . Nathaniel Clyne looks set to be the next to move on from St Mary 's . Manchester United have been linked with a move for the right back . Saints boss Ronald Koeman admits it will be difficult to keep him .


former england rugby star mike tindall bought monbeg dude for £12,000 . monbeg dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began at aintree . zara phillips, an experienced rider, called her husband an idiot .


LZ Granderson : The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major `` race riots '' since the 1960s . LZ : The immediate catalysts for the waves of riots were police action , or , more specifically , perceived unjust police action . He says youths were the key to the civil rights movement ; they propelled the movement into the national spotlight .


The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years. Critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.


Lewis Hamilton qualified in pole position for Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix . Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel pipped Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg to second . Rosberg 's father Keke was 1982 world champion . Rosberg and his wife Vivian are expecting their first child in August . While Hamilton courts fame and has a lavish lifestyle , Rosberg 's focus is on his family while his life is more settled .


Billy Mitchell , now seven , was born with Apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition . The bone plates in the skull fuse too early in the womb so the skull is unable to grow normally . He has undergone a series of major operations to correct the deformities . He also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks .


nathan brown, 19, was working with his father david, an experienced electrician . he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane . the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block . he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries .


Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman 's pursuit of two women . But a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ` strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author . The University of Texas study used psychological theory and text analysing software


McDonald 's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full-and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate . It expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $ 9 an hour . Workers at fast food chains staged protests last year , asking companies to raise


Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi , 42 , is a family doctor specialising in urology . He was caught cutting holes in empty Lynx shampoo bottles to hide an iPhone inside so he could lay it in cubicles to secretly film men showering . Al-Atraqchi said he secretly filmed men to ` let off steam ' because of pressure from his job and was found guilty of four charges of voyeurism . He now faces a hearing to determine whether he will be struck off register .


Liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked ` Are you hungry ? ' The reptile is rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat . She ` absolutely loves ' the little larvae and will do anything to get one . Liz lives with owner Shannen Hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in Melbourne .


Boy fell down hole in Peterborough , Cambridgeshire , and trapped his leg . Rescue crews worked to free the boy , who remained stuck for half an hour . Loose plastic drain cover thought to have been kicked out of position . Do you know the boy ? Email khaleda.rahman@mailonline.co.uk .


Zeus , an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer , was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department . The German Shepherd , who served eight years in the force , took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week . Zeus had the special tribute before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health .


Jasper and Jasmine suffered from severe obesity and blindness when they were surrendered by their first owner . Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria rehabilitated the now healthy duo and found them a safe and happy home . Their new owners noticed a bond between them and decided to marry them in extravagant charity event to raise funds for the non-profit organisation . More than 300 people and 60 pugs will attend the long-awaited event .


Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday . Alan Pardew , Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman played for Palace . Parish posted the picture on Instagram after the game . Geoff Shreeves said Wyman has been an avid supporter for 68 years .


Vince Cable prides himself on being the Tories ` bogeyman in the Coalition Cabinet . ` I ' m regularly voted their least popular Cabinet member , ` he says . Just as David Cameron and George Osborne privately describe Nick Clegg as a ` closet Conservative ' , they regard Cable a closet Labour politician . Not surprising , since he once was a Labour politician , albeit a


A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences . The man , from Leumeah , south-west of Sydney , was charged with recklessly cause grievous bodily harm on Wednesday . He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10 . The woman , 51 , was found with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a


Pharaoh 's Palace promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres . An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` Midsummer Night Wet Dream ' got its first noise complaint . Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office and Code Enforcement . Sean Grey , the mansion 's manager , was charged with violating the


Photographers in the UK captured the Lyrid meteor shower in the sky last night . It occurs every year around 16 to 25 April , so you can still catch some meteors tonight and tomorrow . The strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than 20 meteors an hour . But in 1982 Americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour .


Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood faces Chris Ramsey 's QPR on Tuesday . Both clubs are fighting relegation from the Premier League this season . Sherwood and Ramsey will put their friendship aside when they meet . Villa boss says this is the biggest game of his managerial career . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .


Wei Tingting , Wang Man , Zheng Churan , Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong are free . They will be under police surveillance for a year and have their activities restricted , attorney says . The international community has harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .


Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as the San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday . The newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year was in excellent form for the reigning NBA champions . The Clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the Staples Center , but must now come from behind after two straight defeats . Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas .


Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill. Instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Velasquez is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome.


Amir Khan released a video last week saying he would fight Chris Algieri . The British star has since been criticised for his choice of opponent . Khan also had the opportunity to fight Kell Brook at Wembley in June . Brook wants to return to action at the O2 in London on May 30 .


prince harry flew from goodwood to the isle of wight in a 250mph spitfire . the 30-year-old will arrive in canberra tomorrow for a month-long attachment with the australian defence force . he will also visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier .


The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity at Clemson University was penalized for holding a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions . White students dressed in red and blue bandanas , T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and sported fake ` thug ' tattoos . Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ` Merry Cripmas to all , and all a hood night ' The incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said Clemson was n't doing enough to promote racial tolerance .


Catherine Gerhardt reached out to competitors when she started business . She was ignored by most but received one nasty email from a ` flamer ' Ms Gerhardt chose to employ ` ICE ' and Ignore , Communicate and Exit . She teaches this same policy to children through her company Kidproof . A Flamer sends messages with intention to hurt the victim and get reaction .


Brett and Naghmeh King refused to let Ashya , 5 , have chemotherapy . Consultant Peter Wilson said chances of long-term survival could have been halved . Mr King , 51 , said Ashya did not need subsequent chemotherapy as cancer was in remission .


Liverpool players Mario Balotelli , Fabio Borini , Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic believed that Bas van Velzen was acompetition winner . The Reds players were all set to give Van Velzen a free-kick masterclass . But Van Velzen 's dead ball skills became apparent very quickly . CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .


The model contains more than 30,000 figures , and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon 's forces . It was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored in time for the battle 's bicentenary .


Many people also confessed that they would love to take a tour of lifestyle Martha Stewart 's home , as well as the Obamas ' private living area .


Atletico Madrid 0-0 Real Madrid : Click here for Martin Samuel 's report . Atletico have a knack for replacing star players with others just as good . Jan Oblak is the latest , having replaced goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . Mario Mandzukic looks to be a suitable replacement for Diego Costa .


Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . Technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .


Brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high-profile head injury . he has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21 , is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai . The episode raises questions about whether the 29-year-old was brought back too early for England 's title-decider against France .


The rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter . Teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films . The hashtag on Twitter sees users comparing the reality of their own lives to young adult heroines .


Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City , Utah was sucker punched by a plane passenger when they landed in the city Sunday . This after Hurst asked the young man to stop using foul language following their flight . Hurst , a former corrections officer , then took down the man and pinned his arms behind his back while waiting for law enforcement . The young man , who has still not been named by police , was charged with assault and public intoxication .


Malaysian cleric claims marital rape is ` made up by European people ' Comments came after the launch of country 's ` No Excuses ' rape campaign . But another Islamic scholar has now said men are also banned from refusing their wives - nor are they allowed to leave them ` unsatisfied '


Jack Black the friendly jackdaw is a welcome resident in Penryn , Cornwall . One fan has set up a Facebook page for him which has 450 members . They share pictures , videos and stories about Jack and his adventures .


Steven Allison , 37 , uploaded pictures of himself looking happy and tanned . He fled to Australia after going on run from the law more than a year ago . Police were closing in on him with help of Interpol and Australian officers . Allison was given 30 month jail sentence for sexual assault of two women . He was supposed to be lying low but could n't help post clues on Facebook . Tracked down by authorities and flown back to UK in handcuffs yesterday .


The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship. It has a huge leaf blower fitted to the front of a tractor. The crew of the Kuznetsov have come up with an ingenious solution.


Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University researchers found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel . Used efficient method to convert 100 % of plant sugars into ` green ' fuel . It 's previously only been possible to convert 60 % of sugars into hydrogen . Breakthrough could see motorists filling up at roadside bioreactors .


Charles Manuel admitted wrongdoing to the Iowa Board of Chiropractic . He signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction .


Punters reacted with amusement and fury to Future Festival cancellation . Many people were genuinely upset over the announcement - blaming the festival organisers for spending too much on Drake and Avicii . But others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers on social media . Organisers said the festival ` does n't make financial sense anymore '


Two million high school students admitted to using e-cigarettes in 2014 . That is an increase of 13 per cent from the 660,000 recorded in 2013 . Traditional cigarette use has plummeted by 9 per cent , CDC study shows . Experts warn e-cigarette marketing is not regulated .


School print shop operator Ron Lane was killed , college president says . The man believed to be the gunman is identified as former student Kenneth Stancil . The two knew each other , authorities say .


Wayne Rooney has returned to his preferred striking position . He had been deployed in midfield earlier this season . Manager Louis van Gaal has restored his captain to leading the line . Rooney 's return up front has coincided with United 's stunning form . United are slight favourites for Sunday 's derby with Manchester City .


Amir Khan is currently training for next month 's fight with Chris Algieri . The Brit took a break from the speed ball to show off his party trick . Khan kept bottle in the air by punching it before delivering knock out blow .


Paula Radcliffe will retire from competitive running after London marathon . Radcliffe set the world record at the event in 2003 . And she says that she will be thinking of that moment during final race .


Only 42 per cent of parents charge their adult children rent . Most charge them just £ 150 a month , compared with a typical UK rent of £ 750 . 80 per cent still buy their adult child 's groceries and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night .


Health apps such as MyFitnessPal ` fuel anxiety ' says senior GP . Dr Des Spence calls the health apps ` untested and unscientific ' Defenders of apps say they are ` encouraging healthy behaviour '


More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police . Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands . Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations .


Jacqueline Martin has two themed houses using inspiration from her favourite childhood book . The Wonderland House and Looking Glass Cottage are available to be booked for parties and hen dos . Unique details include a custom-made tea party table with quotes from the book , and teacups for seats .


Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals . Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half . Carl Forster 's try and Griffin 's penalty made the game safe .


Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.


chris martin gave derby the lead in the 51st minute after coming off the bench . darren bent doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a deflected shot . steve mcclaren's side are now back in the play-off race .


Protests spread to New York and Denver , with more scheduled for other cities . More than 100 people arrested in Baltimore this week are released .


John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on . The pair were involved in a disagreement last week and Carver removed the Argentine from the matchday squad . Carver says : ` We ' ve since got together , had a conversation , shaken hands like two grown men and we ` re moving on ' Newcastle will set a new club record of seven


Music lovers paid nearly # 40 to see the rapper perform in Canterbury . He then played just two songs before leaving , telling the crowd : ` See you on tour ' Club Chemistry apologised and accused Tinie of breaking his contract . Ticket-holders had been warned they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm . One member of the audience said she stormed out in


John Helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out . He gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago . ` From everything I have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says Helm .


Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen. Pietersen said Gooch had 'wiped the floor with the ECB' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014.


Worrying incident happened at Tashkent Airport in Uzbekistan . Front windscreen of bus is shattered by impact with plane 's engine . Unknown if there were any injured parties or cost of damage .


Waters in a huge area of the Pacific are running 5.5 degrees warmer than normal . Marine life that likes cooler water has moved and others that like warm seas are seen in new places . `` The Blob '' might be having an effect on rain and snow -- and the West Coast drought .


Paramedics were called to a home in northern Darwin on Wednesday night . The 38-year-old man had chewed and swallowed an entire beer bottle . There were 500 calls made to NT police between 3pm-11pm on Wedensday .


5,300-ton HMS Talent has a huge dent and will be out of action for weeks . Defence officials have refused to disclose exact details of the crash . It will cost an estimated £ 500,000 to repair , navy sources have claimed .


Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in the Championship on Tuesday . Wednesday equalled club record of 17 clean sheets in a season with win . Tom Lees and Kieren Westwood in mix for club 's Player of the Year award .


Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday . The British No 1 has been dating Sears for almost 10 years . The couple met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005 . Murray and Sears got back together in 2010 following a brief split .


Gareth Bale missed a one-on-one chance after just three minutes . Raphael Varane impressed with his pace and general reading of the game . Mario Mandzukic left bloodied after clashing with Sergio Ramos .


The 42-year-old showed off a defined back during a glittering ceremony in Madrid. She also ditched the usual sequinned dress for a sharp new bob cut. The royal, who is recently returned from Copenhagen, was attending the Woman Awards.


a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly . the pew researcher revealed that household incomes can influence which social network children use . among african-american and hispanic youth, 34 percent reported going online 'almost constantly' as did 32 percent of hispanic youth and 19 percent of white teens .


Exeter has been dubbed 'too posh for Monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road. Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots, which are taken up on the London version by the likes of Mayfair and Park Lane.


Beckhams are spending £ 5m on renovations on west London mansion . Property will have gym , wine cellar and rooms for manicures and make-up . Neighbour unhappy air-con plans ` will damage historic character ' of street . Council sided with Beckhams in row and approved planning application .


kent sprouse was convicted in 2004 of killing ferris police officer marty steinfeldt, 28, and customer pedro moreno, 38, in 2002 . a jury decided in 2004 that sprouse should be put to death . unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings and should be spared the death penalty . he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas, the nation's most active death penalty state .


More than 1,000 properties are listed in Cuba on the home-rental website . Forty per cent of the listings are located in the capital of Havana . Airbnb has been signing up Cuban property owners for three months . For the time being non-US travellers will not be able to book with Airbnb .


Thursday 's match between two baseball heavyweights turned into a brawl . Began after dispute between the Royals ' Ventura and White Sox 's Eaton . Sparked a mass fight with members of both teams running onto the field . Umpired ejected a total of five players after the scrap at Chicago 's stadium .


Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their respective suspensions for abusing Ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece. Paris Saint-Germain striker Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Marseille playmaker Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF)


A health expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously. 19 children attended a primary school in north Brisbane contracted the potentially deadly disease. Professor Matthew Cooper, a professorial research fellow at the University of Queensland's Institute for Molecular Bioscience, attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend.


Teenager has burns to 55 % of his body after religiously motivated attack . Muslims beat him and set him alight with Kerosene because he is Christian . Attack follows Taliban bombing which killed 17 in Lahore church in March .


president barack obama and surgeon general dr. vivek murthy spoke tuesday . the roundtable discussion was part of national public health week .


Julia Ware accepted responsibility for five felony counts of homicide by vehicle. The girl sobbed as she faced the parents of three classmates who died. Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher were all 15 at the time of the accident.


Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz asked students to share what they wish she knew . Their honest answers moved Schwartz and sparked a discussion online .


kansas city royals and chicago white sox players became embroiled in a mass brawl during thursday night's game . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight . a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl .


Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week. A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with her murder. He told police where to find the body parts in two different areas of the southern region.


Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born . The baby 's bile ducts were blocked - a condition which can prove fatal . Neither of her parents were suitable candidates for partial liver transplant . Her maternal aunt Shanell was the best chance she had at survival . Star underwent operation in Leeds in November and has since recovered .


Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to visit Pakistan for ODI series in May . Pakistan have not played host to major cricket series since 2009 . There have been security fears since Sri Lanka were victims of terror attack . Team bus was targeted by gunmen in Lahore , and eight people were killed .


Horses complete transatlantic trip to Las Vegas in ` business class ' luxury . 80,000 fans expected as organizers spend $ 8m bringing horses back to Vegas . Celebrity chefs and legends of sport will mix with top jumping and dressage riders . World Cup Final trophies to be won -- some of the most prestigious in the sport .


Manchester United have lost the last four derbies to Manchester City . Ashley Young is desperate to put that run to an end on Sunday . Louis van Gaal 's side lead their local rivals by one point in Premier League .


insurers increasingly using 'reasonable care' clause to refuse to pay out if burgled . police have warned would-be thieves will check social media before striking . social media users warned to 'think carefully' about what they post .


Gareth Blanks was beaten as he walked home from the shops in Truro . The 31-year-old has autism and police confirmed that he is vulnerable . Three men and a woman began punching and kicking him for no reason . Police believe that the four attackers are all in their late teens or early 20s .


Leicester are currently bottom of the Premier League standings . The Foxes host Swansea at King Power Stadium on Saturday . Nigel Pearson 's side are seeking their third straight victory .


Female student , who has not been identified , pictured in Snapchat photo . Detailed ` reasons why USC WiFi blows ' on board using a red marker pen . Reasons included ` ratchets ' and ` parking ' , but top of the list was ` n ***** s ' Student , formerly of Kappa Delta Chapter sorority , has been suspended . Also facing university code of conduct investigation into the incident .


Kyrie Irving scored 30 points and LeBron James had 20 for the Cavaliers . Chris Paul scored 32 points for the Clippers as they beat the Spurs . Kyle Korver had 21 points as the Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92 . Memphis Grizzlies defeated Portland Trail Blazers 100-86 on Sunday night .


A 16-year-old student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses . Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said . No one was injured . The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .


Kenyans gather in Nairobi to remember victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation . The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students .


Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, shared photos of her post-childbirth body. She posted images of stretchmarks on her stomach on Instagram. The images were immediately blocked by the site and she was told they were inappropriate.


Six Boko Haram militants were killed , military spokesman says . Hundreds were involved in the raid on a village in far north . Boko Haram is based in Nigeria but has attacked across the border of several neighbors .


Lishan Wang, 49, was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University physician Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010. Wang was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital. A new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate


Savannah and Carson swapped gender roles and performed as Danny and Sandy , respectively , from Grease . Al , Willie and Natalie donned white wigs for their performance of Sia 's Chandelier . The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen .


China has launched a smartphone app featuring its current leader, President Xi Jinping. The app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access traditional texts that Xi quotes from. It even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches.


michael conlan beat josé vicente azocar in venezuela on saturday night . conlan was on the verge of pulling out of the fight . paddy barnes beat yoel finol to book his olympic place .


Mayweather and Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas , Nevada , on May 2 . Around 500 tickets for the welterweight unification clash sold out very fast . The high Pay-per-view price may lead thousands to stream bout illegally . Launched by Twitter , Periscope used to stream HBO 's Game of Thrones . Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions to streaming .


Prince Harry will fly out of UK tonight to continue placement in Australia . This means he will not be able to meet royal baby until return in mid-May . He will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival . Duchess of Cambridge is several days overdue for birth of second baby .


Certain products at retailer are more expensive per unit than supermarkets . Comes as Poundland announced sales exceed £ 1bn for first time last year . Company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting for bargains .


Protein World's new ad features a bikini-clad Renee Somerfield. The 24-year-old has responded to the backlash against the campaign. The ad has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners.


Kevin Pietersen has hinted the first chapter of his county comeback could be streamed live to fans. The batsman has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall. Pietersen wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.


Former England prop David ` Flats ' Flatman says the ` buzz ' around World Cup is growing . Flats says with the right ` constructive noise ' , competition can build rugby . England will need to play exciting rugby to capture public 's imagination . Recalling the likes of Danny Cipriani is a step in the right direction .


Flour made from peanut kernel majorly stimulated growth of friendly bacteria . This means it can lower amount of E.Coli , University of Maryland study found . Harmful bacteria is out-competed as friendly takes up space on intestine wall .


At 240 lbs , Lillian Bustle says she 's not being negative when she calls herself ` fat ' - she is just being factual . She says she likes performing burlesque because it helps open people up to liking different body types . The dancer says she 's thrilled at the positive reception her TED talk has received , adding that she believes it means ` body-positivity ' is working .


Amanda Holden , 44 , is on the cover of the June issue of Good Housekeeping . She talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences as well as her marriage . The mother-of-two has two daughters , nine-year-old Alexa and three - year-old Hollie .


An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the Winston Churchill 's infamous operation . Historian Stephen Chambers has released rare photographs to mark the centetary of First World War campaign .


Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a # 1.5 million Bugatti . The boxer said the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours . The # 1.5 million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later .


Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night . The win moved them to within four points of fourth-place Manchester City . Jordan Henderson has played a Europe-wide record 47 games this season . But he hopes Liverpool have staying power to put pressure on City .


Easter Act 1928 was passed in 1928 to make sure holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April. Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches. It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.


The verdict in the Boston Marathon bombing trial was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes. David Frum says Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the bombing. He says the case has held Boston and the region in thrall.


The Bridal Centre , in Brisbane , shut down unexpectedly earlier this month . Around 140 brides were left out of pocket and without a dress . They created a Facebook page called ` Where 's My Dress ' so the women could connect and try to find alternative ways to get their dream dress . Ladies and bridal companies started to donate dresses to the women . Adele McKenzie was one of the women who have been left without a dress . She said the way the brides have been treated is ` disgraceful ' Many brides have taken to social media to slam the bankrupt company .


Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season . Watford are one point off the top of the Championship with five games to play . Deeney won the Championship 's Player of the Month award for March . He believes he can follow in the path of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings by becoming a Premier League hit . Deeney and Odion Ighalo have scored 39


jenson button failed to start the bahrain grand prix in bahrain . the mclaren driver was set to start from the back of the grid . button was forced to watch the race from the sidelines .


Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , had their summer wedding plans featured on Clinton 's video . The couple will get married in a Chicago park bordering Lake Michigan then have their reception at a local LGBT community center . Both plan to donate financially to Clinton 's presidential campaign fund .


Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich .


Alexis Sanchez had offers from several clubs when he left Barcelona last summer , including Arsenal and Liverpool . He chose to join Arsenal in a decision that delighted boss Arsene Wenger . Sanchez has made an instant impact in English football and has scored 19 goals for the Gunners so far this season . Arsenal face Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday as the two sides compete for a top-four finish .


Donna Hussey , 32 , has been branded a ` bad mum ' by trolls over son Freddie 's death . Three-year-old was crushed to death when trailer came loose from passing Land Rover . Mrs Hussey was helpless as trailer mounted pavement and crushed Freddie . Driver Tony Davies , 38 , spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving . His punishment of a six-month driving ban and 200 hours of community service blasted as a ` joke '


ronald anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot and killed a census bureau guard and led police on a car chase . anderson was previously convicted of manslaughter and was recently arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend . the woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was looking at another man .


The 'Fullips' device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at West End parties. At a recent party in London's Bulgari Hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together, not to powder their nose... but to suaction their lips into the sort of look which is all the rage.


gary gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at nottingham forest . the 22-year-old scored a stunning free-kick against watford at the city ground . tim sherwood is keen to see gardner train day-to-day before making a decision .


Real Madrid drew 0-0 at Atletico in Champions League quarter-final first leg . Superstars Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale both started for Real . Ronaldo was kept quiet and Bale , though impressive , missed best chance .


About 300 people were evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform . 45 workers were injured , two of them in serious condition . The fire began in the platform 's dehydration and pumping area , Pemex says . The company denies rumors that the platform had collapsed .


Diwalinen Vankar , 58 , went to the Vishwamitri River in west India to wash clothes . But a crocodile grabbed her daughter Kanta , 19 , and dragged her into the river . Vanksar tried to pull her back but the crocodile was too powerful . She then attacked the crocodiles head with a wooden washing paddle for 10 minutes . Kanta suffered a leg injury but has since been discharged from hospital .


In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. The oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater, which can have chemicals, heavy metals.


Jean Wabafiyebazu , 17 , was shot dead in Miami on March 30 . His brother Marc , 15 , is awaiting a grand jury decision on whether to charge him as an adult with murder . Details are now emerging about the lifestyle of the boys , privately-educated sons of a Canadian diplomat .


photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing's famous landmarks with barely any foreign tourists . the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world .


Steve Bruce adamant that Hull will avoid relegation from Premier League . Hull were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary 's on Saturday . Defeat leaves Hull in 17th just two points clear of the danger zone . Bruce wanted 10 wins at the start of the season , but Hull have just six .


Manchester United welcome Manchester City to Old Trafford on Sunday . Sergio Aguero has scored six goals against Man Utd since joining City . Radamel Falcao says the Argentine is the main threat for Man United . Falcao is hoping to make his first appearance in a Manchester derby . Colombian says he is happy at Man Utd despite bit-part role this season .


al-shabaab opened fire at garissa university college in kenya on thursday . kenyans are debating what to do after 147 people were killed and 79 injured . the number of people killed is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt .


The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere. The strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour. The Lyrids are created by debris from comet Thatcher, which takes about 415 years to orbit around the Sun.


Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League . Injured David Luiz forced into the fray after Thiago Silva limped off . Luis Suarez nutmegged Luiz in lead up to both of his goals . The internet soon filled with memes at the Brazilian 's expense .


Elijah Cook was found to be profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his shortly after his birth in January . The mothers and fathers of both his parents , Ahavah and Jason Cook , of Andova , Minnesota , were all deaf , so doctors decided to press ahead . Last month they fitted Elijah with a set of hearing aids . The moment he responded to his mom 's voice for the first time was caught on video , with Elijah clearly responding .


Mohammad Liaqat racially abused teachers at his child 's Catholic school . Muslim father , 34 , was furious that pupils were not allowed to grow beards . Liaqat continued tirade at another school and shoulder barged headmaster . He was found guilty of racially-aggravated behaviour and assault .


Dr Penman argues British people have lived too peacefully to innovate . Rising inequality and division will lead to a collapse in society , he warns . Adaption of genes means we are less aggressive or likely to go to war .


stoke city boss mark hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper asmir begovic . begovic's existing deal runs out next year with real madrid known admirers . mame diouf and charlie adam scored in stoke's 2-1 win over southampton on saturday .


12 protesters were arrested after blocking road leading to construction site of one of the world 's largest telescopes , Thirty Meter Telescope . Critics believe location on Mauna Kea , the highest point in the state , is considered a home of deities . The protesters who were arrested were released after posting $ 250 bail .


A passenger caught a driver reading the paper on a bus in Auckland , NZ . He sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines with a complaint . His boss said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions .


Police in Lucknow , northern India , have bought four drones to help control crowds . The unmanned aerial vehicles are being fitted with cameras and pepper spray to subdue angry protesters . Some Indians have questioned why police are resorting to `` authoritarian and forceful methods ''


rose mcgrath of battle creek, michigan was kicked out of st. joseph's middle school for low attendance and poor academic performance . rose was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill . rose's mother barbara mcgrath said even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment, her recovery will take some time .


Marvel Studios releases first looks at Paul Bettany as the Vision in `` Avengers : Age of Ultron '' and Charlie Cox in full `` Daredevil '' costume . Jamie Bell 's character of The Thing was also unveiled for 20th Century Fox 's Marvel-based reboot of `` Fantastic Four '' Bryan Singer unveiled the first look at `` X-Men : Apocalypse '' Angel played by Ben Hardy .


Apryl Foster , 33 , was last seen on February 12 in Ybor City , Florida . CCTV footage speaking with a man before leaving a Tampa-area bar alone . Her body was found 10 days later inside her drowned car . It was just a few blocks from her house in Brandon . Autopsy found a high blood alcohol level and marijuana in her system . Death has been ruled an accidental drowning .


jessica knight suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder . causes her to crave non-nutritious substances . doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six .


Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington D.C. . She said he ` just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid a visit to the hospital . She said it was like Bush ` expected and needed to hear the anguish , to


Chloe Knapton, 21, is 'unable to smile' after attack. Her car window was shattered with a bottle, leaving deep cuts to her face, neck and mouth. The 20-year-old had to have surgery after the attack.


rebekah gregory: "i'm standing here, stronger than ever, because someone tried to destroy me" dzhokhar tsarnaev "should be held accountable for his actions," gregory says . "i'm standing here, stronger than ever, because someone tried to destroy me," she says .


Toby Huntington-Whiteley , 25 , stars in new summer ad for Jacamo . The personal trainer is joined by Freddie Flintoff , 37 . The pair model the latest collection of clothing for the brand . The campaign was filmed in Palma , Majorca .


There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League . Paul Scholes does however believe that his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages . Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League .


staff can tuck into fine-dining meals at yeo valley headquarters in north somerset . organic and locally sourced food prepared by michelin-trained chef paul collins . eaterie has been hailed as the world's best staff canteen .


Kezzia French , 46 , thought she 'd laid baby daughter Andrea to rest in 1999 . The six-month-old died after being flung against a wall by Meyrick Fowler . Police informed Ms French they had Andrea 's organs in a fridge after audit . She will hold a second funeral at Ipswich Chapel in Suffolk tomorrow .


Centre Matt Scott will miss the rest of the season because of injury . Scotland international needs more surgery on problematic shoulder . Scott went under the knife last week but has been told he needs more . The 24-year-old has played just 14 games for club and country in past year .


Greg Gibbins was stabbed with a knife at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley, NSW on Sunday night. The 28-year-old was taken to Gosford Hospital but died at the hospital on Monday. Mr Gibbins has prompted an outpouring of grief from family, friends, colleagues and rugby team mates.


Qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using Heathrow . The airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport . They are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late . Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai airports .


Atheist writer David Fitzgerald claims there is no evidence Jesus existed . The San Francisco based author instead says Jesus was a literary allegory created by combining old Jewish stories and rituals along with rival cults . He insists it is time to stop believing in Jesus Christ as a historical figure .


hawthorn coach alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive afl fan after his team's narrow loss to port adelaide on saturday night . the footage shows the young man, thought to be an adelaide power fan, taunting clarkson as he made his way back to his adelaide hotel room . it appears the video was captured by a friend of the young man and it's understood the pair had been goading clarkson in the lead-up to the confrontation .


Jared Leto 's portrayal of the Joker is an internet sensation . Twitter users got their first look at him Friday night . `` Suicide Squad '' is set for release August 5,2016 .


Kurt Zouma kept an eye on Marouane Fellaini during Chelsea 's 1-0 win . The French defender played as a defensive midfielder against Man United . Jose Mourinho wanted the 20-year-old to keep Fellaini out of the game . Chelsea boss impressed with Zouma 's form during first season at the club . READ : Mourinho critics do n't have leg to stand on as he is getting job done .


Neil Tuckett 's newest model on his forecourt is 90 years old - but he is still selling one Model T every week . His cars are popular with the public as well as the TV and film industry , including the makers of Downton Abbey . Customers love the Model T because they do n't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheap to maintain . He said : ` They 're like a giant meccano set really , and so beautifully simple and reliable they just wo n't let you down '


After the ` storm of a century ' finally dissipated last week , Sydneysiders believed the worst was over . Then on Anzac Day large hailstones blanketed Sydney and the Blue Mountains in a ferocious downpour . Hailstones of up to 2 cm were reported in some areas , as the storm transformed parts of the city into ` snowfields ' The weird weather conditions can be attributed to some degree to climate change , according to CSIRO . Seven buildings , including five 200m long factories , collapsed under half a metre of hail in western Sydney . State Emergency Services attended over 800 calls for help before the storm cleared at around 7 pm .


Russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer Christiano Ronaldo , in January . But she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for Linda Farrow eyewear . The video follows the couple cavorting around an LA pool .


New analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods . Progressive education experts in the UK have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in Finland . Finland was proclaimed an ` education superpower ' after appearing at the top of international rankings tables .


St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams , 21 , with assault . A 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities . The beating , which occurred on a MetroLink light rail train , was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger 's cell phone camera .


Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison and other government buildings , freeing many prisoners . Government troops clash with the fighters , most of whom flee . Yemen is descending into chaos as a Shia-Sunni conflict draws in regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran .


Carlos Bacca opened the scoring for Sevilla after five minutes . Vitolo was brought down by Neto , but Beto saved his goalkeeper 's blushes . Substitute Kevin Gameiro equalised with five minutes remaining . Salomon Rondon equalised for Zenit in the 72nd minute . Hulk added a second with a speculative shot from 40 yards . Sevilla went on to win 2-1 on aggregate to go through to the


lobster pound and moore in cape breton, nova scotia, banned 'small screaming children' on sunday night . owner richard moore said it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves' but a torrent of online abuse and 'hate and threats' aimed at his family prompted him to reverse his policy and issue a detailed apology on facebook .


Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram 's most liked photo . The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011 . McDonnell shares his top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base .


London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment . He said creation of more jobs was ` one of moral triumphs ' of government . Comments will be seen as attempt to position himself as future party leader .


miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis has sent an application to uber . 24-year-old plans to work for $40billion taxi firm during the off-season . he said: 'you know what's better than nfl money? more money'


floyd mayweather jnr faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather's sparring partner jeremy nichols impersonates pacquiao . nichols mimics pacquiao's visayan accent and mocks the filipino's faith . nichols also claims pacquiao's mother uses voodoo powers .


Police arrest 133,000 people and seize 43.3 tons of narcotics in a six-month period . China launches a new online campaign to crack down on online drug crimes . Celebrities have been embroiled in the nation 's intensifying anti-drug campaign .


Body discovered in Pontypridd property identified as Tracey Woodford , 47 . She is thought to have been attacked in woodland before being taken to flat . She was ` liked and loved by all ' and would ` help anyone ' , family said . Man named locally as Christopher May , 50 , charged over the murder .


Follows outbreak of H5N1 virus which can be deadly in humans . Chickens culled and eggs buried in pits in bid to contain virus . Virus has caused deaths of nearly 400 people worldwide since 2006 .


The Tulsa County deputy who shot and killed a man instead of using his Taser now faces a manslaughter charge. Video shows Reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting on April 2, but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun.


Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton finished first and second in Bahrain . Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place . Sebastian Vettel had issues throughout the day , eventually finishing the second practice in fourth place .


Charlene Wall Jeffs , 58 , has been married to Lyle Jeffs for 31 years . She is the legal wife of the current leader of the polygamous Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints . Mrs Jeffs claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 , and is now fighting to have her two youngest children , who still live with Lyle , returned to her .


Nicholas Salvador accused of beheading Palmira Silva in her garden . He pleaded not guilty on grounds of insanity at London 's Old Bailey today . Also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge , citing same reason . Mrs Silva was found dead in a garden in Edmonton in September 2014 .


Green party leader flounders again in interview about her own policies . Set out plans for ` citizens income ' paid to every adult in the country . Forced to admit it would take ` decades ' to implement expensive plan . Embarrassment at end of interview when she is called ` Caroline Lucas '


The Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France . It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features . The original and unique ` Grotte Chauvet ' was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site . It is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man , but is not open to the public .


Giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in Ringwood , Hampshire . It took the efforts of a team of firefighters to winch him out of the water . A wayward horse also had to be rescued from a swimming pool in Sussex .


Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has spoken in defence of Manuel Pellegrini . The under-fire Manchester City manager has overseen a poor run of form . Pellegrini won the league title in his first season but is struggling now . Mourinho believes that some criticism towards Pellegrini is overblown .


Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old . She did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years . She was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary in Thailand . She can be seen nuzzling her mother Mae Yui after a 62-mile -LRB- 100km -RRB- trek . She was initially


A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers . An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work . A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses .


Photographs show four men being interviewed by ISIS militants in Mosul . They are then dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions . The savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS ' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off .


New on board playlists include rockers such as The xx , Haim and Hozier . Unfavourable customer feedback about previous music prompted switch . So far , all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the change .


Former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington , D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip . ` Mrs. Clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi ? ' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal . The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts , and said nothing .


google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates . many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website . last monday, sen. rand paul (r-ky) announced he is seeking the oval office in 2016 . those included 'how tall is rand paul?' and 'how old is rand paul?'


Jack Andraka , now 18 , became depressed when a close family friend died . Uncle Ted passed away from pancreatic cancer . Jack then developed a test for detecting pancreatic cancer . It won the top award at a prestigious international science competition . Breakthrough is an inspiring story for would-be scientists .


Ted Loveday led Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge to the University Challenge title this week . He became a web sensation after answering 10 different starter questions . But the law student admits he revised by using YouTube and Wikipedia .


A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration number at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York . He was allegedly using the registration number of a female nurse who had handed it back a few years ago . The man was receiving a $ 100,000 annual salary and accommodation in the six weeks he was at the hospital .


ISIS thugs are shown smashing shrines and statues in Iraq 's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra . Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars . Footage was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation .


Patrick and Marianne Charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during a blackout . They sat down in their conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue . The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes .


Photographer Timothy Bouldry spent time at a massive landfill in Guwahati , India . About 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill , but Bouldry said they are `` content ''


Michelle unveils full Lipsy summer range . Star , 27 , was also unveiled as face of tanning brand recently . Swears by peanut butter smoothies and alkaline food delivery service .


Dirk Kuyt has signed a one-year deal with Feyenoord . The 34-year-old is aiming to end his professional days at the club . Kuyt retired from international football in October . He was part of the Netherlands team that finished second at the 2010 World Cup .


adam mcburney was not at his home when it was targeted on sunday . gunman fired multiple bullets through the windows of his property in northern ireland . bullets ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls . mr mcburney, who has been capped for the ireland under-20s, escaped .


The woman , named Dawn , was appearing on ITV 's The Jeremy Kyle Show . Accused her close friend and house-mate Jamie of stealing £ 207 . The money had been set aside for a grave stone for baby Daniel James . A sobbing Dawn revealed that the baby was the seventh she has lost . The Jeremy Kyle Show , weekdays at 9.25 am on ITV .


Rudy Guede , 29 , is currently serving a 16-year sentence for the murder . Ivorian says he will now seek a retrial after seeing Amanda Knox cleared . Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder . But the pair were sensationally cleared by Italy 's highest court last month .


Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday 's 3-1 defeat to Morecambe . The League Two club parted company with the manager at a meeting at the club 's Roko training ground this morning . Gary Waddock will take caretaker charge of the team ahead of the clash with Stevenage tomorrow .


Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years in far south-west Queensland . The 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia . He has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states . He is set to retire later this year after ten years as a police officer . He has been working in Birdsville , which borders on the Simpson Desert . The


Khayree Gay , 31 , was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City , South Carolina . Gay , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia . The woman , 53 , was abducted in a van from a parking garage and then beaten , Tasered and threatened with death . She was left handcuffed in a Pennsylvania cemetery following abduction .


Gaya has been linked with a number of big clubs in Spain and England . Real Madrid , Man City , Arsenal and Chelsea could fight it out . Valencia left-back , 19 , has a buy-out clause in his contract of just £ 13.5 m . He has been impressive all season for the La Liga club . The attack-minded Gaya has been capped up to under 21 level for Spain .


Lisa Courtney has spent 17 years collecting Pokemon memorabilia. Her mother had to move from the largest to the smallest room in their house to make room for her vast array of toys, models, clothing and badges. She has amassed so many that her mother had to move from the largest to the smallest room in their house to make room for her vast collection.


Peter Spinks from the Sydney Morning Herald reported on Amasia . Within 200 million years , he said the new supercontinent will form . One researcher recently travelled to Nepal to gather further information . He spotted that India , Eurasia and other plates are slowly moving together .


susan monica, 66, was found guilty on tuesday of killing two handymen and feeding their bodies to her pigs on her oregon farm . the men, stephen delicino, 59, and robert haney, 56, were found murdered in 2012 and 2013 . monica was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years .


west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday . sam allardyce screamed at fourth official robert madley on the touchline . the hammers boss was angry that stewart downing was not fouled .


Newcastle fans angered after club dump pictures of Sir Bobby Robson . Sir Bobby 's side finished fourth and qualified for the Champions League back in 2001-2002 in what was one of their most successful seasons . Supporters are upset over a lack of respect to their former manager . Alan Shearer , Nolberto Solano and Gary Speed are included in the photos . CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .


Dramatic decline in fortune blamed on Chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown . Previously wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions . Recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50 kg in several Chinese cities has also had a huge impact on the breed 's popularity .


There 's no way to get out of Kathmandu . Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government . There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of . Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .


Bayern Munich travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final . The Bavarians are the Bundesliga leaders and through to the Champions League last eight where they face Porto later this month . A 1-0 league victory at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday despite a string of absences was crucial to boost their confidence .


Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time against Burnley . The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania . He also made his first start for the national team against Italy . But Tottenham could not find a way to break down the Clarets .


Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa from relegation . Friendships will be cast aside when Ramsey 's QPR face Sherwood 's Villa . QPR are optimistic about survival after beating West Brom 4-1 on Saturday . A win over Villa would put Ramsey 's Rs ahead of Villa on goal difference .


ISIS fighters destroyed ancient ruins of Iraqi Assyrian city of Nimrud dating back to the 13th century B.C. . The attack , near Mosul , took place last month , but a seven-minute video of destruction has now emerged . It shows militants hacking and drilling away at 3,000-year-old relics and blowing up the ancient ruins . The U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has called the destruction of the Nimrud ruins ` a war crime '


Roger Federer decided not to take part in the Miami Open this year . Instead , the world No 2 has been enjoying some downtime in the snow . He posted a picture of himself posing with his racket and a snowball .


Campaigners claim benefits paid to staff are higher than corporation taxes . Critics say handouts allows companies to get away with paying low wages . Citizens UK is calling for London living wage to be spread to rest of Britain . It claims rolling out £ 9.15 an hour wage would reduce benefits by £ 6billion .


`` Furious 7 '' is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend . It is getting the widest release in Universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 . Overseas , the movie is also poised to do massive business .


Almost 16 million people in Yemen are in need of humanitarian aid , according to U.N. Planeload of aid supplies including food and medicine was flown in to Sanaa on Tuesday . A rare ceasefire was negotiated to allow the plane to land briefly .


Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. His parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.


liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final last sunday . brendan rodgers has been criticised for his performance this season . but rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success .


Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat . And he is in danger of finishing third , with Labour catching up fast . If poll is accurate , it could end Farage 's political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet .


Munroe Bergdorf, 27, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London. But she has now spoken out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.


80 current and former leaders say academy-style freedoms are benefiting children . but they say labour – and some senior lib dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls . letter signed by heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools .


serena williams beat sabine lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 to reach the miami open semi-finals . williams will face either sloane stephens or simona halep for a place in the final . andy murray won his 500th match on wednesday .


An elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile in Queensland . The man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course on Monday . Golf owner Clive Palmer sent his well wishes to the man after the attack . Paramedics treated the man who suffered a bite wound to his lower leg . He has been taken to Mossiman District Hospital in a stable condition .


To honour the warm weather , MailOnline Travel has compiled a list of the world 's must-visit springtime destinations . In the Netherlands , the country 's famed Keukenhof Gardens are open only from March 20 through May 17 . Head to Kanazawa , Japan , to take in the cherry tree blossoms , which traditionally bloom in the first half of April . In nearby Northumberland , vibrant red poppies light up the area 's rolling hills from late spring to early summer .


The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome to be based at Microsoft 's Redmond offices in Washington . Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne . Announcement was made on the company 's official blog by Mary Ellen Smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations . Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn . If successful


Medical experts reveal analysis of scenes likely to kill movie characters . In real life , James Bond would have died before Skyfall 's opening credits . Home Alone character Kevin should have died from serious head injuries . And it is ` laughable ' Halloween villain Michael Myers survived stabbing . The new issue of Total Film is out tomorrow .


Chancellor paves the way for further cuts to payments with £ 1,000-a-year . Challenged to ` rule out depriving more people of child benefit ' at briefing . Refuses to rule out rolling Child Benefit into Universal Credit system . Labour says Osborne has put middle income families ` in the firing line '


A random sample from a Michigan store tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes . No illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so far .


Jonathan Brownlee won the second race of the ITU season in Auckland . Brownlee also prevailed in Australia , seeing off Mario Mola by 19 seconds . His brother Alistair is expected back from injury in Cape Town on April 25 .


ISIS attacked the Baiji oil refinery Saturday . The refinery , Iraq 's largest , has long been a lucrative target for militants .


Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland , California , and is a regular guest on talk show The Doctors . Nearly 60,000 people subscribe to her YouTube channel , in which she shares videos of herself extracting her patients ' zits and cysts .


Bentley executive called new Continental a ` copy ' of Bentley Flying Spur . Luc Donckerwolke put remark on designer David Woodhouses ' Facebook . Side windows of vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim . Spokesman dismissed criticism and said ` Continental is clearly a Lincoln ' Bentley defended Donckerwolke and called car design ` an emotive subject ' General Motors told reporters he ` liked the Bentley designer 's comment '


Kiradech Aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to win the inaugural Shenzhen International . The 19-year-old carded a closing 67 to finish 12 under par . Li Hao-tong was odds-on favourite to become the first Chinese winner of a European Tour event on home soil . Pablo Larrazabal carded four birdies and one bogey in his first six holes . Aphi barnrat 's putt in the play-off was the ` best


Danielle Jones , 33 , married boyfriend Darrel at Beaumont Estate in Old Windsor . Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had contacted singer three months ago . They had asked him to perform at their best friend 's wedding . Barlow secretly replied to the bridesmaid 's saying ` let 's do this '


Plans for site for travellers has been approved by East Cheshire Council . This is despite angry neighbours in village of Cledford angry about plans . Grade II listed barn next to hall to be converted into toilets and showers . Full cost of the development was only revealed through Freedom of Information request .


Elspeth McKendrick was left shattered by Asperger 's syndrome diagnosis . Her parents said she was ` very much in denial ' about her condition . She had a small circle of friends at school but wanted a ` close best friend ' Gifted teen had scored a string of GCSE A * s and won a place at Art college .


Iona Costello , 51 , and her daughter Emily , 14 , were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . Relatives of the family , who own a horse farm on Long Island 's North Fork , reported them missing on Tuesday .


Princess , 26 , was spotted out with boyfriend Dave Clark , 31 , at Shoreditch House . Looked glamorous in knee-length black leather dress . Joseph A-line dress currently sold out . Check out our alternatives below . Beatrice has become a familiar sight on the London fashion scene .


Gareth Barry has advised Ross Barkley against the move to Manchester City. The Everton midfielder believes the 21-year-old is still too young to make the move. Barry spent four seasons at the Etihad before being surplus to requirements.


Darlene Feliciano , 27 , was a manager at a Honolulu Walmart . She was hiking on the Makapuu ` Tom-Tom ' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu , Hawaii . She was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka . Her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries


Patrick Bamford was crowned the Championship Player of the Year . The starlet has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season . Chelsea loaned Bamford out and he dreams of wearing the blue shirt .


Michael Allen will join Edinburgh this summer on a two-year deal . The 24-year-old can play either at wing or centre for Ulster . Allen admits his move from Belfast to the Scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone . Click here for more rugby news .


Grass tried in his literature to come to grips with World War II and the Nazi era . His characters were the downtrodden , and his style slipped into the surreal . He stoked controversy with his admission to being a member of the Waffen SS .


Richard Curry , 71 , was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum . Was told he had to have his nose removed to stop the spread of the cancer . Had magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity . Now wears a prosthetic nose which is attached to his face using magnets .


Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You . It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . Users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider . They can compare how they would look before and after losing weight .


QPR beat West Brom 4-1 away from home on Saturday in bid to beat drop . Club remain 19th in the Premier League but are three points from safety . Chris Ramsey 's side face Aston Villa in crunch match on Tuesday . QPR manager says his players have belief that they can stay up .


hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for a mysterious 'cold spot' in 2004 astronomers found a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere in the universe . the supervoid appears to be ‘roughly spherical’ and may even contain a ‘significant substructure’ at its centre . if confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity .


Desperate father is begging people to ride him to raise much-needed cash . Family is in thousands of pounds of debt from numerous rounds of chemo . Little Minghao , 9 , needs further treatment after leukaemia came back .


Amanda Oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of Periscope , Twitter 's new live broadcasting platform . She has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . The art graduate films her every move and interacts with strangers for hours at a time . She 's only been online for 29 days and has had little competition from


Michael McIndoe lured players into scheme with promise of 20 % return . Ex player lived a millionaire 's lifestyle and known as ` Mr Big ' in Marbella . But was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £ 2m debts . The 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors .


Inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era , the Jacques Garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy . A mix of Arabian and Napoleon III decor , the Pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear . Also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .


Emma Watson celebrated her 25th birthday on 15 April . The actress has been centre stage since the age of just 11 . FEMAIL charts her journey from child star to a feminist icon .


President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , paid more than $ 93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of $ 477,000 . Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent , the returns show . The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $ 160,00 in itemized deductions , including $ 70,712 in charitable donations to 33 charities .


Will out-of-date sun lotion protect your skin from sun damage ? Can you keep using last summer 's bite cream ? Alice Smellie finds out which summer supplies we need to restock .


Kirk Pingelly and Layne Beachley have won their legal dispute . The couple were caught in a legal battle over redeveloping their home . Neighbour Wendy Goyer said developments would ` destroy ' her views . She said the picturesque views were a major reason she bought the home . The court ruled her views werent ` iconic ' and were already at risk of being built out .


aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for yorkshire again this summer . the australian had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians in their indian premier league match against rajasthan royals . mumbai captain rohit sharma said finch's injury 'looked bad' .


Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 18th minute . Luis Suarez doubled Barcelona 's lead in the 67th minute to make it 3-0 . Former Chelsea defender David Luiz was left dejected after being beaten for the second time by the Uruguayan .


Former Prime Minister said he had ` decades ' still in him and joked that he would ` turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles . He told Newsweek magazine that his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers .


Manchester United signed Luke Shaw from Southampton for # 28million in the summer . The left back admits he has struggled to live up to his # 28m price tag . Shaw has started seeing a psychologist as he comes to terms with his move . The 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for United this campaign . Shaw was left out of the team by Louis van


Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, study finds. The rate of binge drinking among women increased more than seven times the rate among men. In Santa Clara County, Calif., women's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012.


From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities . From Qatar airport you can do half or full day dune bashing tours which can take the edge of a long flight . For around # 7 -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land


Sofia Vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos . Nick Loeb says he wants to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress . Loeb : `` Should we not define them as life , rather than as property ? ''


Caesar went missing at the weekend from his owner 's home in Ispheming . Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi followed his tracks and found blood . After news spread in the area , a DNR officer came to their home . He explained Caesar came running at him and he shot him dead . He believed Caesar was wild and a threat , he said . Shooting occurred on state land so the officer was within his rights .


Jose Mourinho has warned his new generation not to absorb them all into his first-team squad. The Chelsea boss has issued a gentle warning to his first-team squad. Chelsea will face Manchester City in the FA Youth Cup final at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.


Seven baby foxes were found abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park . They were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center . The center is spending more than $ 1,000 looking after the foxes .


Artist Betty Willis designed the famous neon sign in 1959 . The sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip and is a popular tourist attraction . In 2009 it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places . No one owns the copyright to the sign , so it is often imitated and appears on all kinds of souvenirs in Las Vegas and elsewhere .


a texas veterinarian allegedly killed a cat with an arrow . she posted a photo of the slain cat on facebook . callers rang the clinic to vent their outrage .


Passenger made the awful discovery on a train between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge . The 52-year-old cleaner found excrement in a newspaper on the floor . London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation .


Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG . Suarez nutmegged David Luiz on his way to scoring both goals . The striker says the tie is not over despite Barca 's two-goal advantage .


French actress is filmed , photographed and judged as she ` ages ' Mother-of-two is followed throughout her day showing effects of fatigue . Public guess her age based on photos to promote new Garnier face cream .


William Barber : McDonald 's will raise minimum wage $ 1 for 10 % of workers . This is a step in right direction but falls short in three ways . He says it leaves out 90 % of workers , is not enough to lift workers from poverty , company prevents workers from speaking out in a union .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team has the burden of proving his guilt. Robert Dunham: Tsarnaev's guilt must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt. He says the prosecution has listed the aggravating circumstances that make this mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment.


Right wrist of Kim Jong-Un pictured strapped up with white bandages . Filmed while visiting a Pyongyang weapons factory in impoverished nation . Injury is latest evidence in a string of rumours about dictator 's ill health .


Tottenham will travel to Kuala Lumpur to play a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup . The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday , May 27 . Tottenham then take on Sydney FC the following Saturday . Harry Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party .


Dashcam footage shows officers turning the one ton bison off the road. The animal, named Big Boy, continued to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veered in front of the police car. His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, said Big Boy has got into bad habits recently.


Johnny Kemp is `` believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay , '' police say . He is best known for the 1988 hit `` Just Got Paid ''


Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta have been accused of disrespecting disabled veterans during a charity weekend in Panama City on April 17 . Allegedly spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the American flag during the Warrior Beach Retreat . The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a


Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder. The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene. His mother, LaToya Howell, said he wanted to be a surgeon.


German government ` knew of risk of flying over Ukraine ' , it is claimed . Diplomatic cables refer to Ukrainian air force plane shot down on July 14 . Malaysia Airlines 's flight MH17 was shot down on July 17 last year .


Sebastian Vettel gave Ferrari victory at the Malaysian Grand Prix . Mercedes will remain calm and not panic , says chief Toto Wolff . Lewis Hamilton heads to Chinese Grand Prix as reigning champion .


Pippa , 31 , strolled through the sunny streets of London . Looked chic in tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . Will become an aunt for the second time when Kate gives birth this month .


Napoli boss Rafael Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before his January departure. Benitez also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo. Napoli face Wolfsburg in the Europa League quarter-finals on Thursday.


Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg predicts virtual reality will be the future of travel . The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker , Oculus , last year . Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed , meaning users will be able to explore locations of their choosing .


Little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , sits behind large machine gun . Tells man she is ` shooting at Daesh ' , the Arabic name for ISIS . Claims she has killed 400 of the extremists so far , before firing several rounds . As she fires the gun , he says : ` Kill , kill ' , according to Vocativ . com


Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show . He blamed presenters ' obsession with discussing pop stars ' sex appeal . ` The Chart Show has become an extension of its presenter 's personality '


Roma gang ` sold ' newborn baby to childless French couple in 2013 . Gang received £ 6,500 and a car , but claims the boy was a ` gift ' Faked ID to make it look like Frenchwoman was baby 's mother .


Paul McCartney honors Ringo Starr at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony . Green Day , Lou Reed , Joan Jett & the Blackhearts also honored .


3rd `` Tron '' is coming together with `` Tron : Legacy '' stars returning . Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund will reprise their roles . `` Tron : Legacy '' grossed $ 400 million worldwide , after the 1982 original gained fans online .


Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace . The 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back for the Eagles . Ward has played every minute of Palace 's Premier League campaign this season , under three different managers .


WABC reporter Lisa Colagrossi died March 19 while covering a story in New York City . At her funeral on March 23 , her mother Lois reportedly blamed her death on station news director Camille Edwards .


The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the 26-year-old teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday . Hundreds of hot-air balloons were released in the town of Canowindra in the central west region of NSW on Sunday morning . Hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the bride-to-be . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , was charged after police allegedly found a burned body in


Patrick Kramer specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings. The US artist specialises in beautifully in-depth oil paintings, including this intricate black and white portrait of a man called Matt. The artist spends between 50 to 300 hours painstakingly creating them.


Mark Lowe, 32, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death. Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone.


Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light . She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be ` sent around the world ' The emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years .


Putin has spent hours fielding questions from the general public on live television . Sanctions and Russia 's deep economic crisis are a major theme .


Luis Suarez 's wife admits that her husband denied biting Giorgio Chiellini . The Barcelona star was given a four-month ban following the incident . The shocking bite was caught on television cameras during the World Cup . CLICK HERE to see who Suarez will face in the Champions League . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .


SNP leader says she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10 . Sturgeon was swamped with requests for selfies after victory in last week 's debate . Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7 . SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election .


scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world . most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other . the average time between penetration and him ejaculating (for heterosexual couples) is nine minutes .


The U.S. . Embassy in Jalalabad is a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force . It was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles . U.S. . officials told us they are optimistic the logistical road ahead can be smoothed -- that in the 18 plus months they can get the Afghan army and police up


Detectives raided Dr Rory Lyons ' private health centre in Alderney . Dr Lyons is also suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service . Action sparked by death of Karen Cosheril , 52 , from pneumonia in January . Probe uncovered three more deaths of concern - including Karen 's cousin .


bastia president pierre-marie geronimi has called for french league president frederic thiriez to resign . thiriez did not come down to the pitch to shake the players' hands . bastia lost 4-0 to paris saint germain in saturday's league cup final .


Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row . The 10 inmates had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014 . The executions , which will be carried out by firing squad , were planned for earlier this year .


Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods spoke with Augusta club member Jeff Knox . McIlroy believes Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone . Knox played as a non-competing marker with McIlroy last year . On Friday Knox answered call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round .


Funeral strippers in rural China are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice . In some areas of China , the hiring of professional mourners is commonplace , but some performances are getting racy . Government report says that stripteases undermine `` the cultural value of the entertainment business ''


Precious Richardson Coleman , 29 , ran down Beatrice ` Dee Dee ' Spence , 24 , and her uncle , 37-year-old Damon Watson , in her 2004 Dodge Durango . The hit and run was the climax of a simmering feud between the two women over Coleman 's current boyfriend , whom Spence had reportedly dated in the past . Spence 's mother , Danika , ran out of


Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since 1979 . A top Iranian sports official says the ban will be lifted for some events . It is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend . The Iranian government has come under pressure from international sports officials .


Jermain Defoe received a mixed reception from fans in Newcastle . The 32-year-old was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event . Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in Tyne/Wear derby on Sunday .


The $ 39.99 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- gadget is called the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug . It keeps hot drinks at between 68 and 71 °C -LRB- 155 and 160 °F -RRB- for 45 minutes . Mug can be used more than seven times before it needs to be charged . And it can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of all 30 counts he faced in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings . He was found guilty of using weapons of mass destruction , conspiracy and aiding and abetting . The trial 's sentencing phase begins April 21 , a day after this year 's race .


Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters at Augusta. The 21-year-old is in contention for the top prize of $1.8 million. Speith is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final.


Etan Patz disappeared in 1979 ; his face appeared on milk cartons all across the United States . His case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children . Pedro Hernandez confessed three years ago to the killing .


Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17.


the london book fair author hq event is a three-day programme for budding authors . a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry . lbf’s genre spotlights will focus on two genres — crime/thrillers and contemporary fiction .


Janet Brown was killed at her Buckinghamshire home in April 1995 . She was beaten with an iron bar and left naked at the foot of her stairs . Detectives at the time said there was no sign of any sexual assault . Now cold-case squad detectives said they have crucial new evidence .


researchers analysed medical records of nearly two million people . those who were overweight (with a bmi of 25 to 29) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia . being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent .


christopher swain wore a yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the gowanus canal around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn . he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up . swain said the water tasted like 'mud, poop, ground-up grass, detergent and gasoline' .


Ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' Admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio . He said : ` I just want to keep my mind as . clear as I possibly can and not have a drink -- until after . 6 o ` clock ' David Cameron said he was not nervous


Lewis Hamilton's feud with Nico Rosberg has erupted after an explosive press conference. Hamilton controlled the race in Shanghai to seal his second victory in three races. But Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate, accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.


Rapper Lil Wayne not injured after shots fired at his tour bus on an Atlanta interstate , police say . No one has been arrested in the shooting .


president obama nominated loretta lynch as attorney general on november 8 . the senate judiciary committee approved her nomination february 26 . the full senate must now vote to confirm her .


Raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia 's Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning . Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its perch . Animal control officers were able to coax the raccoon down .


Riff lets you film videos and upload them to the app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video. It is available for free on iOS and Android.


Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , many taken by the troops themselves . Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde , a mule is hoisted on board the ship and even the moment a soldier makes the dash across No Man 's Land . World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy 's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey 's Dardanelles straits .


Teresa James , 40 , believes the pain involved is worth it for a bright smile . Lisa Arbiter , 33 , has bought high-strength bleach from America for 13 years . Donna Billson started before her wedding last year and is already a convert .


Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month . The New Zealand international had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham . The club are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016 / 17 .


Tottenham sold Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for a world-record £ 85m in 2013 . Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value . Spurs allowed star performers Dimitar Berbatov and Michael Carrick to join Manchester United .


Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement. Now he's writing the book - saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another. Simon & Schuster has confirmed the book is being published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher.


Prosecutors presented 131 witnesses to support their claim that Aaron Hernandez killed Odin Lloyd. Hernandez's defense rested its witnesses in less than a day on Monday. The defense won't be able to present its case until Tuesday.


Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama . In 2011 , executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the ` last bastion of Englishness ' because it had no black or Asian characters . He was suspended as a result of his comments and later quit .


Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. The English fan shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman.


The Wide Leg Trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends . Be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser appeals . Louise Redknapp says that a wide-leg can be a welcome relief from the skinny jean . A high heeled shoe with an exposed top of foot will elongate the leg . If going for a longer length go high-waisted and very long


Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the summer . Norwich , Leicester , Newcastle and Stoke have watched the defender . Toner captains Villa 's Under-21 team at the age of just 18 . Tim Sherwood is keen to develop his young talent .


Sandie Konopelski , 58 , of Shiloh , Illinois , struck by train on Friday morning . Hit by St Louis MetroLink train on tracks between Swansea and Belleville . Licensed by state Department of Natural Resources as wildlife rehabilitator . She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .


Unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond , Texas , allegedly gave his students anti-Muslim propaganda during class . The eight-page handout , entitled Islam/Radical Islam -LRB- Did You Know -RRB- , included references to terrorism and beheadings . The Lamar Consolidated Independent School District has admitted that it was n't approved by administrators . A Muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the Council of American Islamic Relations and they complained to the school .


Craig Sibbald 's 74th-minute header is enough to send Falkirk through . Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan both hit the post for Hibs with the score at 0-0 . Falkirk will play either Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic on May 30 .


Tottenham take on the best players from Major League Soccer . The 2015 AT & T MLS All Stars game will take place at Dick 's Sporting Goods Park on July 29 . The fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that Tottenham will play outside of Europe . Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer .


The victims confronted the woman , Kayla , on an episode of Dr Phil . None of the women had met impostor despite regular texts and conversation . Kayla said she is gay and Mormon , but thought she ` could n't have both ' , and used catfishing to ` figure out ' who she was , which she said was wrong . It emerged Kayla was a catfish when one of her victims became suspicious and looked further into who she was talking with .


the pictures were taken by linden gledhill from staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern . as well as the beautiful colours, they show the layout of individual scales, which give the insect its iridescence .


Bayern Munich won 1-0 in Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday . A Bundesliga , Cahmpions League and German Cup treble is on for Bayern . Pep Guardiola 's side face Bayer Leverkusen in the Cup quarter-final . Manuel Neuer looking for Bayern to build momentum in cup on Wednesday .


Internal inquiry by Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in 2009 concluded that Reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment. Bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect Eric Harris instead of stunning him with a Taser on April 2. Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Harris.


Zaur Dadaev is accused of shooting the Kremlin critic , close to Red Square . Suspect had reportedly confessed to murder but later retracted statement . Claims he was abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to murder .


Experts question if packed out planes are putting passengers at risk . U.S consumer advisory group says minimum space must be stipulated . Safety tests conducted on planes with more leg room than airlines offer .


Maya Wang : 5 women held by China authorities after planning International Women 's Day protests on sex harassment remain detained . She says in a year when country poised to adopt anti-domestic violence law , Beijing also sending chilling message on women 's activism .


Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game on Tuesday night . When he finished , Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt ran across the court to congratulate him . The heartwarming moment was caught on camera .


Chelsea 's U19s side were crowned UEFA Youth League champions . They defeated Shakhtar Dontsk 3-2 in the final on Monday . Despite Chelsea 's successful academy , very few graduate to the first-team . Izzy Brown , Dominic Solanke and Ruben Loftus-Cheek represent the best chance the club has of bucking the trend .


Leicester are bottom of the Premier League and six points adrift from the survival line . Nigel Pearson says they have no margin for error in their relegation fight . The Foxes face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday . They have won just two of their last nine league games . They have to play relegation rivals Burnley and Sunderland and host QPR on the final day .


Fritz the Golden Retriever from California has made quite a name for himself with his inability to catch . His YouTube channel boasts more than five million hits . Other videos show him being thrown steak , tacos , bread rolls , pizza and donuts , with misses every time .


The United States Embassy and NATO declined to comment for this story. The U.S. Embassy and NATO declined to comment for this story. The U.S. Embassy and NATO declined to comment for this story.


Women are wearing the ribbon and posting pictures on social media . The breast-lifting look is inspired by the anime character Hestia . Ribbon is tied so that when the arms move up , the breasts are lifted .


Cuts were found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in Poitou-Charentes . This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years . Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . Study has , for the first time , studied the remains of three individuals .


19th century Castle Toward , near Dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for the D-Day landings in World War Two . Overlooking Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , it was deemed an ideal training ground . The castle was commandeered by Winston Churchill and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942 . The training that took place was so realistic and demanding many servicemen were killed in accidents .


Virgil van Dijk was on holiday in Dubai while Holland played two games . Young Celtic defender has n't been called up since last year . Ronny Deila says it is n't due to standard of Scottish football . Team-mate Jason Denayer made his Belgium debut against Israel .


Ahead of launching her anticipated campaign on Sunday , two senior advisers said strategy has echoes of Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign . She is expected to reach out to donors in coming weeks , but does not plan to headline many fundraising events over the next month . Advisers said she planned to talk about ways families can increase take-home pay and making higher education more affordable . She intends to sell herself as being able to work with Congress , businesses and world leaders . President Barack Obama said on Saturday ` I think she would be an excellent president ' Clinton 's growing team of staffers began working Friday out of a new campaign headquarters in Brooklyn .


Siem de Jong has been sidelined for eight months with a collapsed lung . The midfielder played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under-21s on Wednesday . The 26-year-old is hopeful of returning to the first-team . De Jong has made just three senior appearances for the club .


peter gale fired from nonsuch high school for girls in cheam, surrey . sacked for 'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures . school counts singer katie melua among its alumnae .


The run-down car park offers stunning , picture-perfect views across miles of golden sands at Rhossili beach . National Trust snapped up the tatty tarmac parking spot for £ 3m to create a new and improved car park . The beauty spot in South Wales has been voted the UK 's number one beach and filming location for Doctor Who .


alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport . the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold .


FIFA have been investigating games from the run-up to 2010 World Cup . South African national team games under suspicion since 2011 . Players not suspected of wrong-doing , but referees implicated .


Toddler Mikaeel Kular was killed by mother Rosdeep Adekoya last January . She beat her son before dumping his body in a suitcase in woods in Fife . Social workers had visited family on a number of ocassions before tragedy . Report published today concluded they could not have predicted killing .


Flight was traveling from Reykjavik , Iceland to Denver when it was struck . Passengers said it was hit by lightning shortly after the plane took off . Pilots reported the lighting and continued eight-hour flight to Denver . It was n't until they landed that pilots notice huge hole at the nose of plane . No one on board was injured and the plane landed safely in Denver .


Laura Robson has been out injured since the Australian Open in 2014 . Robson is targeting a return to action at the French Open in May . The 21-year-old had surgery on injured wrist and is nearing full recovery . Robson , training in Florida , was pictured sitting in an ice bath on Thursday .


Simon Myers had asked Mark Lawson if he could have some of his chips . Lawson agreed , but reacted angrily when Mr Myers took onion ring instead . Incident , that started as a joke , took place at the work Christmas party . Lawson was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year .


Tom Daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games . Daley spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference . The former world champion has spent the winter modifying a new plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo


Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. She had worked at the BBC's financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager. But according to her husband Paul, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders.


Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, has been cured of Clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant. His daughter Debbie, 52, acted as donor. The stool was then transferred into Mr Barnes' gut via an endoscope.


Shannon Hayes , 12 , believes her pet hen has laid the world 's smallest egg . The egg , which measures 1.8 cm in length , is smaller than a five pence piece . It was spotted among the ordinary-sized eggs in her hen coop .


Four babies and two mothers died in Oldham Royal hospital maternity unit . Another three babies and one mum also died at North Manchester General . Independent inspectors found failings in care and leadership of both . Lisa Parkisson , 35 , died at Oldham 48 hours after giving birth in April . Baby Thomas Beaty died from head injuries after botched delivery in June .


Derby County want Burnley manager Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren this summer. Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival. Derby believe Dyche will be tempted by a move to a bigger club.


the church of scientology paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to follow ron miscavige, 79, for 18 months . the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear . former members of the church have accused david miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment, abuse and blackmail . the church of scientology has categorically denied the claims .


Davion Only , 16 , has been adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going in Florida . She has known the teen since he was seven years old . On April 22 she will officially become his mother . She said that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family , but she said it was worth it . He captured hearts in 2013 when he


Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour . Posted the mocked-up image advertising a cheap drinks night on Facebook . 32-year-old was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .


Ed Miliband bored his future wife Justine on their first meeting at a party . The Labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest . He then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party 's host . Mrs Miliband said she and her husband are not interested in ` kitchengate '


Preston slipped up in their promotion bid with 2-2 draw with Gillingham . MK Dons closed the gap with an impressive 3-0 victory over Fleetwood . Swindon remain in the hunt following a 4-2 away win at Rochdale .


Farage claims PM has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years . He said : ` Any man who can reverse the greying process I 'm jealous of ' The PM has been accused of visiting stylists to keep hair looking youthful .


Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at Anfield on Saturday. Hector Bellerin scored his second goal of the season in the 5-1 victory. Francis Coquelin has played a vital role in Arsenal's late push for the Premier League title.


The 37-year-old rapper appeared on Paper magazine 's April issue , less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the magazine . He said that if there was an Illuminati , ` it would be more like the energy companies ' - not Hollywood stars . ` I am tired of people pinpointing musicians ... that 's ridiculous , ' he said . ` We do


Lee Allan Bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 after a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan . A 10-year-old boy , L.T. . , reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head . L.T. . told his friends that a ` big guy ' had struck Lee with a stick three times , pushed him down an embankment


Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in Fairfax, Virginia, on Saturday. The featherweight was ranked No 1 in the UFC's featherweight rankings. Mendes was beaten by Lamas in the first round of the fight.


Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world . Has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on Shimane side and 5.1 per cent on Tottori . Spans mile across Lake Nakaumi linking cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato .


Reps from both cable giants will meet with DOJ officials on Wednesday . First meeting companies had with regulators since announcing proposal . Earlier reports said DOJ antitrust attorneys wanted to block the merger . Officials fear the new company would dominate internet broadband market . Time Warner shares closed Friday at $ 149.61 while Comcast was at $ 58.42 .


a recent study found that 133 out of 164 products tested, including children's jewellery, contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' australian author and ceo of the australian college of environmental studies said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin . bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it . chlorine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it . lead is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it .


`` Slip and capture '' explains why deputy shot suspect , investigator says . Sheriff 's office says a reserve deputy thought he had pulled out a Taser . Instead , he shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital .


Gao Yu, 71, was sentenced to seven years in prison. She had been accused of disclosing state secrets. Gao's lawyer says the authorities had extracted the confession by threatening her son's safety.


Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the first half at the Bernabeu . Cristiano Ronaldo then hit the post with a penalty before James Rodriguez nets . Juanmi pulled one back for Malaga but Ronaldo scored late on to secure the win . Gareth Bale and Luka Modric go off injured for Real Madrid .


A man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne . The man was collecting garbage when the truck rolled and crushed him . Another man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into trees in Melbourne 's East on Friday .


Stephanie from Houston , Texas , has a father who works as an astronaut . She wrote a message on land that could be seen from the space station . 11 cars created the 59 million sq ft message in Nevada 's Delamar Dry Lake .


Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday . The Filipino boxer is one of the biggest stars in the world of sport after a series of big fights . Pacquiao spent his early years boxing in Manila in the Philippines and was pictured training as a 17-year-old . Pictures taken in 1996 show Pacquiao training at the LM Gym in Manila before he became a star . The 36-year-old arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday after a 270-mile journey from Los Angeles on his luxury bus . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manny Pacquiao vs Floyd Mayweather news .


Liverpool City Council planning committee gave its approval on Tuesday . Liverpool had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details . Opportune observers and photographers have watched sessions in past . Stan Collymore : Liverpool should have patience with Brendan Rodgers . READ : Juventus monitoring Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling .


Natasha Willard , 17 , was studying art and Welsh in the sixth form at Torfaen 's Llantarnam School when she fell ill . She appeared to get the flu just before Christmas and her condition has worsened , leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to talk . Miss Willard 's family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly . She has been diagnosed


crown princess mary, 43, visited a farm in kirke hyllinge, a village in zealand . she took daughters isabella, seven, josephine, four, and prince vincent, four . the visit was part of denmark's annual eco day celebrations .


raheem sterling and theo walcott are both in contract negotiations with their respective clubs . the two wingers are at starkly different places in their careers . brendan rodgers has spoken in the past of his admiration for walcott while arsene wenger has made no secret he is a fan of sterling . it is not beyond the realms of possibility that the clubs could do a direct swap .


Milton Vieira Severiano was filmed killing his wife , Cicera Alves de Sen. The savage act took place in the garden of their Rio de Janeiro house . He later confessed the crime to police who found guns in his getaway car .


Man , 50 , allegedly rammed into home north-west of Brisbane on Monday night . Police say driver climbed out of vehicle and stabbed a man to death . Five people were inside including a woman believed to be man 's ex-partner . Driver was charged with murder and string of other charges .


Michael Slager 's mother tells ABC her son loved being a police officer . Slager , 33 , has been fired from the North Charleston Police Department . His wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance . The FBI is involved in the investigation .


rafael nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the monte carlo masters . nadal will face either john isner or viktor troicki in the third round . the world no 5 is an eight-time champion at monte carlo .


Bogan Shire Council , in western New South Wales , wants to erect a ` big bogan ' statue . Graeme Burke 's proposal is for a 3.6 m tall steel figure cut out of 5 mm steel plate . The traditional bogan image has include a ` mullett ' style haircut , singlet and thongs , and beer .


the 42-year-old man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute . he allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car . he then recklessly drove the car straight towards the harts range police station . the station was vacant at the time before the culprit managed to escape .


piper kulk, eight, died in hospital on sunday morning from injuries sustained in a car crash . her brother, nine-year-old william kulk, died later that evening . the two cars were involved in a fatal two-car collision on the nsw central coast at about 5.15pm on saturday . they were travelling with their mother, chantelle boddy, 31, grandmother helen boddy, 54, and elder brother daniel, 12 .


Teresa James , 40 , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth . In America , sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 % since 1996 .


FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to win the Evo-Stik Northern Premier . It is the club 's fourth promotion in their short history . The Rebels were set up in protest at the Glazer family 's takeover of Manchester United . The club will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in May .


Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Gloucestershire for 17 years . She often pinned pupils ' work to walls lined with asbestos , inquest heard . Family believe asbestos in school was to blame for her death in September . They are suing council after coroner ruled death from ` industrial disease '


Support for Ukip has fallen by 5 % since October as the election looms . Nigel Farage also facing a fight to win in South Thanet after falling behind . Comes after David Cameron pleaded with Ukip supporters to ` come home ' Mr Cameron has previously described Ukip supporters as ` fruitcakes '


cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner's alleged gender transition in a leaked sony email . this in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head amy pascal . this while the two are discussing crowe's upcoming film aloha .


Kevin Franklin left his 80-year-old victim without any money to buy milk . Meanwhile fraudster funded dream Alps wedding with eight-years of thefts . Franklin said he needed money for failing business and after family deaths . When he was arrested the fraudster had told police : ` I played him ' Jailed for nearly five years despite Franklin saying he 's ` terrified ' of prison .


UK 's biggest mobile network to give away free portable chargers . Customers will be able to swap them for a new one at any EE shop . Other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a # 20 fee . Almost 60 per cent of smartphone users found their battery would not last a full day .


Kerrie Armitage , 28 , from Leeds , suffers from an allergy to water . External exposure to water - rather than drinking liquid - causes a reaction . Condition also means sweating or crying can trigger a painful flare-up . Also suffers from exercise-induced anaphylaxis , so has put on weight .


Warrington Wolves beat Wakefield Wildcats 80-0 on Saturday . Wildcats are rooted to foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats . Coach James Webster said he simply does not have enough players .


Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016 . Many people were genuinely upset-blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii . Others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers , blaming ` shirtless f * * * wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ` gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would


Prime Minister to warn English voters SNP 's new powers could impact their lives . Tory government would create new principle to ensure decisions by Holyrood do not have an ` unforeseen detrimental effect ' for people south of the border . Mr Cameron will call the idea the ` Carlisle Principle '


sir bradley wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record in june . the four-time olympic champion will race in london's olympic velodrome . wiggins will hope for a capacity 6,000 crowd to spur on his attempt .


The smash hit series `` Game of Thrones '' returns for a fifth season Sunday . Major story arcs should start to converge this year .


Louis van Gaal has led Manchester United into a great run of form of late . After their surge up the table , United have their sights on next year 's title . Edwin van der Sar says Van Gaal can win trophies after United 's drought .


Javier Hernandez has four goals in four in all competitions for Real Madrid . The striker is on loan at the Spanish club from Manchester United . Carlo Ancelotti will make a decision on his future during the summer . READ : Hernandez ` has won ' bid to make loan move permanent .


troublesome is a regular visitor to etali safari lodge in south africa . he has become a regular visitor to the madikwe game reserve's pools . the elephant has become a regular visitor to the splash pools .


Max Muggeridge , 19 , from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend . He was camping at Tweed Heads just across the NSW border with his girlfriend . The avid angler could n't believe his luck when a huge tiger shark took a bite of his line . He spent the next three hours trying to bring the monster to shore . The teenager


april 27 is the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held in south africa . attacks against african migrants are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment .


An Italian prosecutor announces suspected al Qaeda affiliates may have targeted the Vatican . ISIS produced propaganda videos showing beheadings of Egyptian , Ethiopian Christians . Al-Shabaab has singled out non-Muslims to kill them , as at a Garissa University College .


Antonio Valente , from Dallas , Texas , learned his photos had been used in a scam after he was contacted by the victim , Marianne Heinrich from Vienna . She had been befriended online by a man calling himself ` Johnson Michael Lynn ' who said he wanted to marry her and live with her and his daughter . She sent him $ 4,000 - but realized it was a scam and tracked Valente down . He has now reported the problem to Facebook who removed the profile .


Sally Kohn : April 14 is Equal Pay Day , and Hillary Clinton should make an announcement about wage gap . Clinton should say that if elected , she will take a 23 % pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women .


Tianwen Chen and wife found a baby girl in a box by the road in 1989 . They carried her home , even though they had little money to live off . Since then they have adopted more and more disabled children . Sadly nine of the children died and the couple soon used up their savings . Donations from the public mean they now have a brand new home .


Jason Dufner's marriage has landed in the rough as he agreed a divorce settlement from wife Amanda at the end of last month. Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf. The pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31.


Gisele Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday night in Brazil . The supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend . She plans to continue working in other facets of the industry .


Appeared on Russian television today looking tanned and wrinkle-free . Russian president disappeared for 10 days last month with no explanation . Rumours for years that President has undergone facial cosmetic surgery .


Louise Smith , 38 , has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run . CCTV footage showed her plucking two hairs from the head of a young girl . She then planted them in her food and complained to staff at Carlisle pub . Staff said it became clear that Smith could not afford to pay for £ 21 dinner .


Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip. Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.


Seb Larsson banned for Sunderland following yellow card vs Newcastle . Jack Rodwell will return for Black Cats following hamstring injury . Joe Ledley to be given chance by Crystal Palace to prove fitness . Mile Jedinak set to be included for Eagles following four-match ban .


Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at New York 's Madison Square Garden . Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes ' 19 defences . Until Deontay Wilder 's victory over Bermane Stiverne , no American held a piece of the heavyweight title since 2006 .


The five-year-old girl has spent more than a year in Australia's Nauru detention centre. She is now living in fear of being returned to Nauru for years while her family's asylum claim is processed. Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life.


Sophia , the daughter of a lesbian , explains how two mothers are able to have a baby . Video was posted on a lifestyle website for lesbian moms , gay dads , single parents and adoptive families . The first-grader also put together a series of illustrations to accompany the clip .


James Webster , 35 , took photos as victims leaned against display cabinets . Shoppers became suspicious when saw him angling his bag for best view . Webster admitted one count of outraging public decency in the Lidl store . Ordered to complete sexual offences treatment programme as part of three year community sentence .


Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $ 100 bills . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- £ 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight . Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown .


Colin Pitchfork raped and murdered two 15-year-old girls in the 1980s . He was jailed for life two years after second murder thanks to DNA testing . Pitchfork was the first man to be convicted based on DNA evidence . The Parole Board are reviewing his case and he could be freed in months .


Manuel Pellegrini 's position has come under scrutiny at Manchester City . Patrick Vieira is in charge of the champion 's Elite Development Squad . The former Arsenal star is well equipped to become a top manager .


stuart broad took three wickets on day two of the second test in grenada . alastair cook reached 37 not out as england bowled west indies out for 299 . broad backed cook to hit a big hundred and put england in a winning position .


turia pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal . the 27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon in september 2011 . the motivational speaker said just the smell of a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours . ms pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .


april 27 is freedom day in south africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 . the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid . this year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april .


Indonesia 's head of General Crimes sent letters to prosecutors of all 10 death row prisoners on Thursday . The only thing left after this is to announce the execution date . The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island-where the executions will be carried out-on Saturday . Lawyer for a Nigerian man scheduled for execution says the embassy has been summon to Central Java , a likely sign


Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids , Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls . ` Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it , ' a jury heard this week . Day met up with Musick at a bar on


Ann Malsbury, 22, of Coventry, West Midlands, battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners. She was arrested at her home in Coventry last November. Malsbury was cleared of attempting grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury.


Javier Hernandez scored winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . Mexican is on a season-long loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United . Real will not take up option to buy the striker at the end of the season . Hernandez is wanted by a host of Premier League and European clubs .


The 2014-2015 PFA Premier League Team of the Year has been announced . Harry Kane has been named up front alongside Chelsea 's Diego Costa . Costa , Eden Hazard and John Terry are among six Chelsea players named . Manchester United 's David de Gea is the team 's goalkeeper . Cesc Fabregas did not make the team despite 16 league assists . The PFA Awards ceremony is being held in London on Sunday evening .


22-year-old Cao Yu was on patrol when she confronted the man . Robber wounded her five times as she awaited reinforcements . Colleagues say they found her ` bleeding all over ' when they arrived . The policewoman has been praised on Chinese social media for her incredible bravery .


Two contestants on Countdown came up with the same word during game . Co-presenter Rachel Riley looked embarrassed as she spelt out ` erection ' Host Nick Hewer failed to stifle his laughter during the awkward moment .


Photographer Atif Saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion . Fearless Mr Saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot . As soon as the camera captured the image , Mr Saeed had to flee for his life . The lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car 's door .


Carlos Boente , 33 , was serving time in prison for harassment-type offences . He began contacting the victim after receiving her number from a cellmate . She spoke to him out of sympathy , but the messages turned threatening . He started telling her she was going to die and threatening her child .


Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer . Benaud spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe . Sportsmail recalls 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career .


Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 . The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight . But he says it is time for Mayweather to lose and he will be the man to inflict defeat .


Single mother from Philadelphia is facing four counts of endangering welfare of a child . Firefighters rescued a boy and three girls , ages 9 to 13 , from basement in Kensington section Sunday . Police say the children were without access to food or bathroom for about 15 hours . Family friend said the mother locked her kids after one of them stole money .


Andrea Dossena arrested on suspicion of shoplifting on Tuesday . Italian Dossena was later bailed with a 31-year-old woman . The 33-year-old plays for League One strugglers Leyton Orient . Dossena was informed by police on April 10 that no further action would be taken in relation to the incident . Since publication of this article , representatives for the player have informed us that the incident was down to an oversight when he forgot to pay for honey and dried beef . Dossena was informed by police on April 10 that no further action would be taken .


kevin pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for surrey this season . but he only managed 19 against glamorgan on sunday . former england captain mike gatting believes pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up .


youtube is set to offer an ad free, subscription-based service for the first time . the plan was revealed in an email sent out to youtube partners . it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of youtube for a monthly fee .


The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience, which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack. The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said. The driver of the Lamborghini, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, lost control of the vehicle, the Highway Patrol said.


PM absent tonight when five party leaders take part in TV showdown . Nick Clegg has been excluded from the ` Challengers ' debate on the BBC . Ed Miliband said David Cameron was ducking the chance to defend record . PM said he had ` unblocked the logjam ' to ensure debates happening at all .


Bill Dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' working at the fast-food joint in Mold , north Wales . Wife Margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby Old McDonald for his longevity . Bill 's special day was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .


raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week liverpool contract . sterling was 20 on december 8 last year . brendan rodgers insists sterling will not be sold in the summer .


Four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday . In rural China , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice . 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time with a prom-posal . Ewan McGregor to play Lumiere in ` Beauty and the Beast '


Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored in Edinburgh derby victory . Hibernian beat rivals Hearts in race for second place in the Championship . Hibernian now on same points as Rangers who have a game in hand .


Robin Weld of Sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in response to the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week . Clean city water comes in through the faucet , is used to wash hands and then flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush . Just next door to Weld , her neighbor Chris Brown is using the left over water from his


Neymar struggled to impress in Barcelona 's slender win over Celta Vigo . Quinton Fortune has questioned why Neymar 's form has dipped . Neymar has failed to score in his last four games for Barcelona . Fortune heaped praise on Barca for being able to scrape vital win .


Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his car on Tuesday in Wembley . Counter terrorism police were drafted in to lead investigation into death . A 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .


Jermaine Kellman , 29 , Marvin Sempler , 30 , Clinton Jackson , 25 , and Darren Lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home . Verna Fisher , then 81 , awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . She tried to cry out for help , but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money . Mrs Fisher was thrown off her bed while the burglars took her purse containing £ 250 and a mobile phone from under her pillow .


Kim Sears married Andy Murray yesterday in a Jenny Packham gown . She opted for a traditional style for her wedding dress . Increasingly , celebrities are shying away from traditional gowns . Keira Knightley wore a prom dress and Angelia Jolie 's kids decorated hers .


Chelsea captain celebrates wildly at the final whistle after superb display . Arsenal defend well but unable to break down Jose Mourinho 's side . Mesut Ozil the Gunners ' best player , but could n't unlock Chelsea .


Kenyatta Leal was handed life sentence for firearms in 1994 . Inside San Quentin he was accepted to unprecedented tech scheme . Prisoners who never experienced the internet learn to code .


The young boy 's face appeared on milk cartons all across the United States . Patz 's case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children . Pedro Hernandez confessed three years ago to the 1979 killing in .


Andre Cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri and was executed by lethal injection on Tuesday . He was given the death sentence for the 1998 murder of Anthony Curtis . Cole was angry that a payroll withholding order was issued to his employer , taking the money out of his check for child support . He confronted ex-wife Terri Cole on August 21 , 1998 and used a kitchen knife to repeatedly stab Curtis and Terri Cole ; she survived the stabbing . He declined a last meal and had inmate tray meal of turkey and bologna sandwich , a cookie and fruit punch .


Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took cherished bear on every flight . Treasured mascot was by his side when he flew in Battle of Britain in 1940 . He was named Beaumont Bear and has RAF tie and Royal crest on chest . Teddy expected to sell for £ 10,000 when it goes under hammer at Bonhams .


German artist Jörg Düsterwald has been producing body art projects for the last 20 years. The artist has used his body-painting skills in a range of creative projects including advertising, corporate events, and TV marketing campaigns. The pictures were captured using a portable paint kit.


During her father 's presidential campaign and subsequent two terms in the White House , Chelsea was well known for her tight curls . The new mother , who gave birth to daughter Charlotte in September , explained that her iconic hairstyle simply changed over time . In her interview , published days after her mother 's presidential candidacy announcement , she also addressed America 's ` need ' for female politicians .


Post Office asked accountants to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012 . Follows complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft , fraud and false accounting . Leaked report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error .


The U.S. Attorney 's Office says Mystic Pizza 's 48-year-old owner John Zelepos faces up to 15 years in prison . He has pleaded guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . Prosecutors between 2006 and 2010 , Zelepos diverted just over $ 567,000 from Mystic Pizza 's gross receipts . He diverted the money into his personal bank accounts and those of family members , they said . Prosecutors said Zelepos also made bank deposits under $ 10,000 to skip currency transaction reports filed by banks . Mystic Pizza became a tourist attraction after Julia Roberts starred in a 1988 movie about the lives of three waitresses working there .


Liverpool got back to winning ways with FA Cup victory over Blackburn . Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his side can close gap on Man City . The Reds are just seven points behind City with a game in hand . Liverpool host Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night . Raheem Sterling : My ambition is to have my own song from the Kop .


the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63-year-old james schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing him . schoenfeld abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom . the kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom .


Raheem Sterling hopes the Liverpool fans will soon be chanting his name . Sterling has been stalling on a new £ 100,000-a-week contract offer . The 20-year-old admits he ` loved ' the song fans had for Luis Suarez . READ : Sterling pictured smoking shisha pipe as star courts controversy . READ : Jordon Ibe on the verge of signing new Liverpool contract .


E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition. Jenner, who along with his family has starred in the hit E!, recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.


Max Muggeridge , 19 , from Coomera in QLD caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend . He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border , after a three hour battle . The teenager said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity .


Annegret Raunigk, 65, is expecting quadruplets. She is the oldest woman in the world to give birth to quads. Her daughter Leila, 13, told her she wanted to have a little brother or sister.


Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company 's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville , Michigan . ` I would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote . ` If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with


Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month. The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.


Roger Federer has been some enjoying some downtime in the snow and posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account. The 33-year-old provided the snap with a witty caption - 'tennice' - and was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.


The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson , Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager , who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August . It was called ` a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association . But by Sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving behind just a shard of the trunk . The metal dedication plaque at the base of the tree had also been removed .


the eshima ohashi bridge in japan is the third largest of its kind in the world . the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi, linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato . at an incredible 460m (1509ft), it is the highest bridge in the world .


UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to customers . Neil Gilbert headed one group , which made up to £ 60,000 a week in sales . Family and friends were recruited to help with massive criminal enterprise . Eight-year conspiracy continued even after gang was arrested in 2011 .


James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training. Evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. If the 12 final jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide that Holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital.


An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared information with an alleged Chinese spy . Gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a U.S. government employee ' She also lived with a State Department employee who had top-secret clearance and who revealed they spoke about work with the woman . Despite all this she was never prosecuted , and left her position at the Office of Language Services in February 2014 .


Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan . A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack , according to Iranian state media . The Pakistani government condemned Monday 's attack , calling it an `` act of terrorism ''


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial in the Boston Marathon bombing . Peter Bergen : The killing was `` heinous , cruel and depraved '' He says the victims were vulnerable , no one more so than 8-year-old Martin Richard . Bergen says Tsarnaev may take the stand to beg for mercy , but only if he feels remorse .


Ivan Rakitic and wife Raquel Mauri shared Instagram selfie from the beach . Barcelona midfielder is hoping for La Liga and Champions League glory . Lionel Messi is expecting a second child with Antonella Roccuzzo .


Carl Hayman admits Toulon ` have a lot of work to do ' to lift the inaugural Champions Cup . Toulon beat Wasps 32-18 in Sunday 's quarter-final . Frederic Michalak and Ali Williams scored for the Cote d ` Azur outfit . Toulon will face Leinster at Marseille 's Stade Velodrome on April 19 . Hayman is set to retire at the end of the season . The 35-year-old


The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift by Italy 's University of Udine . It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water . It is based on an actual event on January 15,2009 , when U.S. . Airways Flight 1549 was forced to land in the Hudson River . Following a series of bird strikes


Middle class households earn between 67 and 200 per cent of the state 's average income . Maryland 's middle class is the highest paid in the country , with an average income of $ 72,483 . Hawaii and the District of Columbia are the top five . New York is home to the financial capital of the United States , New York City . The lowest paid middle class


The Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers . Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993 . Calcite pebbles line the Neanderthal 's eye sockets , nose bone and an upper jaw like a hundred decorative piercings .


Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction . Known as the Festival of the Steel Phallus , participants pray to a god of fertility and protection from infections . Rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which attracted a large crowd of holidaymakers .


Jailed millionaire arrested in March for ` gun and marijuana possession ' On Thursday , a Louisiana state judge threw out the case . Lawyers believe he will win federal case with similar charges . Durst is also charged with murder in California .


A £ 250,00 Lamborghini supercar hit a tree and then smashed into a bollard . The car crashed just metres from a primary school and wheel flew off . Wheel narrowly missed Martin Johnson and granddaughter Charly Pennett . Owner apparently got out and joked he would buy a new one tomorrow .


Nacer Chadli opened the scoring with a left-footed strike from outside the box on the half-hour mark . Jack Colback equalised for the home side immediately after half-time after the ball fell kindly in the area . Christian Eriksen won Spurs the lead back with the Swede 's curling free-kick missing everyone . Harry Kane topped off a relatively quiet game with a runaway goal after regular time was up . Newcastle have now lost six consecutive Premier League matches under manager John Carver . Fans protested before and during the match against owner Mike Ashley 's perceived lack of ambition .


Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to 'stop digging' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children's home. He claimed he was sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at Dolphin Square apartment complex in Pimlico and Elm Guest House.


A newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous Muppet. Bulging white eyes, Kelly green skin, the works. But the name's not nearly so catchy as its famous counterpart: Hyalinobatrachium dianae, or Diane's bare-hearted glassfrog.


bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after indonesian officials sent letters ordering preparations be made for their executions . the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday . the lawyer for a nigerian man scheduled for execution with chan and sukumaran says the embassy has been summoned to central java .


Rifle was stolen overnight while agent 's car was parked at a Salt Lake City hotel across the street from the state 's FBI office . Gun was ` secured properly ' in a case and truck safe with padlocks and chains . Police believe thief tied a rope around the case and used another car to break the handle off by ripping the case through the car 's window . Agent 's stolen backpack and gear bags were recovered at a nearby hotel , but the gun has not been found .


Thomas Brock , 30 , was fatally shot following alleged road rage incident . Police say he was followed to his home where he fought with another man . The man left but returned soon after with a gun and shot him , police claim . Jacob and Steven Rodriguez have both been charged with capital murder .


John Allan suggested Tesco could easily move its HQ out of London . Cameron has promised to renegotiate Britain 's membership of the EU . An in-out referendum on the outcome of the talks would be held by 2017 .


The unnamed woman 's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on Reddit . She demands a $ 63.99 water table from WalMart , a $ 19.99 play tent , and a $ 7.99 Cheerios book . She even requires that her guests include a receipt with their gifts .


A Qantas jet bound for Perth has been forced to return to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air . Airbus A330 took off soon after 11 am but was back on tarmac by 12.30 pm . After an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . Engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .


`` In the past century , our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , '' the Pope says . `` The first , which is widely considered ` the first genocide of the 20th century , ' struck your own Armenian people , '' he says . Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for `` consultations '' hours after Francis ` comments . Turkey 's


Sebastian Kehl scored in extra time to edge Borussia Dortmund past Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup quarter-finals . Dortmund had taken an early lead in the 19th minute through Neven Subotic 's goal before Kevin Volland equalised for the visitors . Roberto Firmino then gave Hoffenheim the lead with a superb chipped shot before Patrick Aubameyang pulled Dortmund level . In extra time , Kehl hit a wonderful volleyed effort from outside the box .


Maggie Doyne left her New Jersey hometown to travel the world 10 years ago . Doyne met a young girl who wanted to find her family in Nepal and helped with refugees . Doyne bought land in Surkhet , a district in western Nepal , to build a children 's home . Today , Kopila Valley Children 's Home is home to about 50 children , from infants to teenagers


Bradley Parkes , 16 , is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt . His mother Tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital . She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry . She said : ` Every time they see him they just take everything off him ' The Manchester United fan was


Sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship of Under 16 tournament . BT Sport are to broadcast inaugural European Games in Baku in June . Brazilian legend Pele is due in London on Thursday for an art exhibition .


Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all aged little over the past decade. Some stars have resorted to plastic surgery, but these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife.


Salty Dog 502 trailed Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off . It used optical sensors and a camera to monitor approach to 20 feet . It then plugged its refuelling probe into hose of the Omega Air KC-707 . Drone is size of an F/A -18 Super Hornet and weighs 44,000 lb -LRB- 20,000 kg -RRB-


Joseph Kent 's attorney says his client was released from jail . Police in Baltimore detained Kent on live TV after start of curfew . That triggered a wave of interest on social media .


The victims of a medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are now suing Johns Hopkins University . The lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $ 1billion . It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease , and of the roughly 75 % who were treated , only 25 %


A superior court judge in North Carolina ruled on Monday that Craig Hicks is ` death penalty qualified ' Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of Deah Shaddy Barakat , 23 , and his wife , 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha ; and her sister , 19 . Prosecutors said Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon . The victims `


India has launched a massive aid mission to its earthquake-hit neighbor Nepal . Disaster relief troops and tons of food , water and medicine have been flown in .


julia louis-dreyfus covers marie claire's career-oriented supplement @work in the latest issue of the magazine .


Adam Rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail. The prospect of watching Celtic celebrate title glory inside Pittodrie would be a painful experience to bear. Rooney expects Aberdeen to be fully motivated to prevent a green-and-whole party from getting underway.


Transsexual Kellie was formerly boxing promoter Frank Maloney , 61 . She has completed her sex change and is at home recovering . Tweeted to her fans : ` Still very sore and got pain but in good health ' Started transition to change gender two years ago and has now completed .


Pennsylvania state representative Kevin Boyle claims he was hit by soda . Tonya Stack , wife of Lieutenant Governor Mike Stack , allegedly threw it at him . He claims she made an obscene gesture at him and then threw it . The row took place at a fundraiser for a slain Afghanistan veteran .


the 44-year-old academy award winner was at the barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book . before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust . 'octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former octavia fan, angel guzman explained to the daily mail in an exclusive interview .


barcelona defender dani alves is out of contract at the end of the season . alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on instagram . manchester united are the prime suspects with psg out of the running . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .


Video narrated by British jihadist fighter emerge from Syrian frontline . Shot by al-Nusra group after capturing city in north-western province . Man can be heard claiming to have ` liberated ' the city from ` oppression ' Syrian government carried out 20 airstrikes on city day after it was shot .


Former prime minister says Nicola Sturgeon 's answers are ` all evasion ' But that her party want ` constitutional crisis ' to force another referendum . Warned voters on May 7 will decide Scotland 's future for next few years . Mr Brown urged people to vote Labour to end bedroom tax , food bank poverty , zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the NHS .


15 buffalo are shot on Friday after escaping the day before from a farm in Schodack , New York . Police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase . The herd breaks through three layers of barbed wire fencing and crosses the Hudson River during the escape .


The plot focuses on a rogue mission to steal plans for Death Star . Felicity Jones will star as a rebel soldier .


Jordan Henderson looking for £ 100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool . The Reds vice-captain is approaching the final year of his current deal . Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £ 80,000 per week .


leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick in celtic's 3-2 win over scottish champions . griffiths says he had a talk with manager ronny deila and assistant john collins . the 24-year-old admits he was not playing at the start of the season .


Mike Heatlie , 42 , attacked Fiona McCartney outside a nightclub in Edinburgh . He asked the pair for a cigarette but neither woman had one to give him . He then lashed out and punched her , leaving her in a pool of blood . Ms McCartney , 43 , said she is too frightened to leave her home after the attack . Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff


Everton and Chelsea have perfect records with three wins each . Southampton , Man City and Man United are the only other unbeaten sides . Arsenal are still yet to win following an international break this season . Liverpool are similarly poor with one win and two defeats . Six clubs are yet to win after an international break , find out who here ... .


Phone appointments replaced by doctors seeing patients on video calls . Repeat prescriptions and booking appointments could also go online . £ 250million from sale of NHS assets to create a ` paperless health service '


Former secretary of state landed Tuesday night at Washington Reagan National Airport after a first-class flight from Boston . Clinton stared ahead wordlessly , walked and did n't acknowledge questions as Daily Mail Online asked whether she had made mistakes in Benghazi . Deadly attacks , carried out by an affiliate of al Qaeda , claimed the lives of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other US personnel . Special congressional committee investigating circumstances before and after the attacks ; its report will come out during 2016 presidential campaign . Questions remain about Clinton 's alleged failure to protect her diplomatic outpost , and the reasons she cited for the debacle after four flag-draped caskets came home . U.S. intelligence knew at the time that Benghazi personnel were aware they were under attack , but Clinton and other Obama administration officials blamed an out-of-control protest linked to an anti-Islam YouTube video .


William Kerr was released on licence in January but left bail hostel in Hull . 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort . Ms Comfort 's body was found in a cupboard in her flat by relatives .


Dave Heeley , 57 , completed the 156-mile Marathon des Sables on Friday . The father-of-three known as ` Blind Dave ' is the first blind man to do so . He previously finished the Seven Magnificent Marathons challenge in 2008 .


The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson , Missouri were released on Thursday . Seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama : ` What black man holds a steady job for four years ' In the other emails President Obama is labelled a


A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne , west of Cap-Haitien Wednesday . It got caught in bad weather on its way to Turks and Caicos .


A Cambridge University professor has written a book about sex statistics . Sex by Numbers investigates what the real average penis size is . Tracey Cox takes a look at the surprising findings .


A replica of an 18th century French frigate fought with the United States ` founding fathers in the War of Independence . It set sail in France on Saturday to retrace the journey 235 years after the original . President Obama calls France `` our Nation 's oldest ally ''


Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom . The ship left Tampa , Florida , on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise . Puerto Rico Port Authority spokesman Efraín Santiago says cleaning staff discovered the deceased passengers .


The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia . It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock . S.Kidman and Co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across Australia . In total , they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .


gary ross dahl, the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the pet rock, has died aged 78 in southern oregon . his rocks, which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet . mr dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled .


Bear seen chained to a tree for baiting competition to hone dogs ' hunting skills in eastern Russia . Masha , a five-year-old bear , can be seen attacked by a pack of dogs as she is chained by her neck . Hunting contest is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter .


St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves was checked into the glass on Sunday by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook . He went to the bench after the play and calmly pulled his tooth out . St. Louis won the game 2-1 , putting them at the top of the Central Division .


Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thai Airways, on Thursday unveiled colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and the Princess Bubblegum sprawled across an Airbus A320 at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi International Airport. The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme, with overhead bins, head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show. The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone


Shanice Farier , 22 , from Derby , stole # 15,000 from currency exchange Kanoo Travel . She spent it in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' , court heard . Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up , wearing figure-hugging dress . She was ordered to do 240 hours of unpaid work , adding : ` I hope she ends up doing work that gets


Around one in 10 Americans suffer from explosive anger management issues. Some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. The research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.


Demetri Nelson , 27 , still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday , several hours after the kidnapping attempt . Nelson allegedly broke into a River Birch Drive home where the victim lives and told the woman to take him to a Manning Avenue home , where he then told her to get into the trunk of the car . Nelson could n't


Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in the road accident in Crowborough, East Sussex. Mr Owen was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. Mr Owen's stepmother said: 'Everybody loved him' Family and friends have left tributes at the scene of the crash.


Celtic were defeated 3-2 after extra-time in the Scottish Cup semi-final . Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by a clear handball . However , no action was taken against offender Josh Meekings . The Hoops have written the SFA for an ` understanding ' of the decision .


narcocon is a church of scientology-backed drug rehab network . it wants to turn a 40-acre plot of land near camp david into a drug rehab center . narcocon claims the land is historic because president herbert hoover once caught a fish there . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land .


Institute for Fiscal Studies says taxes will be £ 12b higher under Labour . Said the gap ` between the parties ' was ` bigger than any time since 1992 ' David Cameron said assessment showed Labour was ` risk to our recovery ' In withering verdict , think tank said parties were keeping voters in the dark .


Kevin Bowes lost several teeth , had four ` avoidable ' root canal treatments and five ` avoidable ' crowns fitted by Dr Nicholas Crees over a decade . Second dentists said he will need extensive treatment to repair decay . Awarded £ 30,000 out-of-court but Dr Crees has not admitted liability . Mr Bowes , said : ` I was devastated . I had no idea my teeth were so bad '


Man , who has not been named , turned gun on himself at 2:15 pm . Was standing by new Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time .


barcelona forward pedro admits he is finding his bit-part role difficult . the 27-year-old has started only 12 league games this season . spain international has been linked with a move away from the nou camp .


Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . Iona 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ` under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . George Costello Jr is currently in jail in Florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a 'm


Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge executions. They are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot. A panel of three judges in the state administrative court in Jakarta on Monday confirmed an earlier ruling that it lacked the jurisdiction to hear challenges.


Tsarlan Tsarnaev, the accused Boston Marathon bomber, faces life in prison or the death penalty. The jury heard more horror from April 15, 2013. The defense attorney argued that her client's older brother was the instigator of the plot.


The Tham Khoun Ex cave has 15 km of spectacular caves waiting to be explore by kayak . Explorers can witness the incredible caverns , lake and even the vibrant forest at the entrance . Cave photographer John Spies captured the labyrinthine chambers to unfold the mystery .


Bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion , wandered in the Campo de ' Fiori in Rome with family and a security guard on Tuesday . The Amazon CEO was seen snapping pictures with his Amazon phone of the market stalls .


Jodie Taylor fired England into the lead in the opening minute . Reading striker Fran Kirby doubled England 's advantage . Wang Shanshan pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute .


george osborne repeatedly ducked questions about how the cash would be paid for . he said it would come from the conservatives' 'balanced plan' for the economy . but he declined to go into further detail about how it would be paid for .


Harry Kane has scored twice in Tottenham's last two games. The Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in a 0-0 draw with Burnley. The 21-year-old scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.


Clarence David Moore , 66 , escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in June 1972 . Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff 's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive . Moore suffers from several medical conditions and can not walk , but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID , he has been unable to receive medical treatment .


Wenger and Mourinho faced off once more as Arsenal and Chelsea contested a 0-0 draw . Neither boss was in a combative mood before the game despite some fiery match-ups between the pair in the past . Arsenal manager yet to record a win against the Portuguese in 13 meetings . The point is another significant step for Chelsea in their inevitable march toward the title . Mourinho hits out at ` boring ' criticism as he claims 11-year title wait for Arsenal is the real tragedy .


Manchester University west of Fort Wayne on lockdown for hours . Local media reports that man seen may have been armed with explosives . School tells students to shelter in place as bomb squad arrives .


Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin ` Donuts in Hanover , Maryland . An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . The woman , 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover , died at the scene .


Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League . Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . Black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance . If Ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race .


George Osborne has warned that taxes will rise under Labour Government . Chancellor claimed Labour has ` done it before and will do it all over again ' Taxes on earnings rose nearly £ 1,900 under 13 years of Labour , stats show .


Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland 's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle . The 26-year-old Argentinian is keen to stay at the Stadium of Light . Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat wants to keep the club in the Premier League .


Baroness Hale of Richmond wants to see ` bitterness ' taken out of disputes . The current system means one person must be ` at fault ' in a divorce . Lady Hale suggests year 's ` cooling off ' after declaring relationship 's end . She also wants plans for children and money sorted before divorce is given .


the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends . 'plain and simple, if you f*** with me i'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run,' says the officer . mohamed's friend replies to the officer without missing a beat to say, 'who said i was going to run?'


Australia to allow overseas players with over 60 caps to be selected . They also must have held Australian Rugby contract for seven years . Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell -LRB- both at Toulon -RRB- are both now eligible . George Smith -LRB- Lyon -RRB- is another Wallaby currently playing overseas . Host of top Australian players are heading abroad next season .


Dating from 1250 , The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh . It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin . Using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered . Experts believe a 16th century owner of the book , probably a man named Jaspar Gryffyth , erased centuries ` worth of


tom ince scored twice as derby drew 4-4 with huddersfield . derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind at half-time . nahki wells and aaron gobern scored for huddersfield . derby lost craig bryson and zak whitbread to injury .


Players in NBA are able to vote in end-of-season awards for first time . LeBron James asked who he would pick and says : ` Myself ' 30-year-old has impressed in first season back with Cleveland Cavaliers .


Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults. Since British artist Johanna Basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013, called Secret Garden, it has sold over 1.5million copies. The books have since been translated into 14 languages.


Study looked at Neanderthal forearm bone , left leg and right thigh bone . All of the bones had unnatural breakage marks possibly made by tools . Scientists say Neanderthal groups pulled apart bones on dead bodies . It is not yet known whether this was done for food or in a funeral ritual .


Adidas go is an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . The songs are selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history . These choices become more relevant the more the app is used . Once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats


Dusan Bako , 18 , flew into a rage with his 16-year-old pregnant girlfriend . Put his arm around her neck and repeatedly punched her in the stomach . The victim was rushed to hospital where she later miscarried the child . He was jailed for fours years , eight months at Manchester Crown Court .


Richard Hutchinson , 40 , from Thornaby-on-Tees , North Yorkshire , has been jailed for two years . Unemployed scaffolder punched his former friend without warning . The pair fell out over a debt of # 300 and Hutchinson borrowed the money . The pair had a ` long-running ' feud after Hutchinson had not paid all back . He was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to


Sue Sharp shocked to find ` home-grown ' leg of lamb from New Zealand . She refuses to accept Asda 's explanation that it was a one-off mistake . The sheep farmer has now warned shoppers to be extra vigilant .


The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports ' annual survey . As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine , Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce . Wegmans was rated America 's favorite supermarket followed by Publix , Trader Joe 's and Fareway Stores .


Manchester United have six ex-players in Champions League semi-finals . Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid . Paul Pogba , Carlos Tevez and Patrice Evra play for Italian side Juventus . Cristiano Ronaldo set up Hernandez 's goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday . Barcelona 's Gerard Pique helped keep out Paris Saint-Germain . Hernandez was the hero for Madrid but he will need to find a new home .


charlie adam scored from the halfway line against accrington stanley . the stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this easter weekend . adam's 66-yard strike against chelsea gave thibaut courtois absolutely no chance . it is not the first time the scot has had a goalkeeper frantically back-pedalling before picking the ball out of his own net .


Key culprit is the LED screens found in most electronic devices . These can can harm the light-sensitive retina , irreversibly damaging sight . However the problem can be remedied by using special screen filters . Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos has developed one to make light less damaging .


Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed. The Burnley boss insists his players will not resort to cheating. But he insists that is the way he likes it and won't be asking them to follow suit.


Joe Anderson , 56 , earns £ 80,000 in full-time job as the Mayor of Liverpool . Was also taking annual payments of £ 4,500 from Chesterfield High School . When school stopped payouts , he tried to sue them for discrimination . Appeal tribunal rejected claim he was punished for belief in public service .


Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair . The mother-of-eight monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume . Despite his infidelity , Haley and Kevin still share a house in Bristol .


Tim Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club after sacking him . Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday . Sherwood joked : ` Just to see who he 's going to sell me ! ' Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's


fredric brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his miami mansion on sunday morning . sources close to the doctor said he was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal of himself in tina fey's netflix show, unbreakable kimmy schmidt . a friend called the characterization 'bullying' but added that it did not cause his suicide . richmond, who is an executive producer and music composer on the show, said the death was 'very sad' .


The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland . Now it 's disappeared from around 80 per cent . Kevin Bradley , CEO of Save the Bilby Fund told Daily Mail Australia that it is difficult to pin point the exact number of bilbies left in Australia because of their ` cryptic ' nocturnal habits . Until recently , Australia had two species


Forster damaged his knee in recent 2-0 Premier League win over Burnley . England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but faces months out . Southampton manager will wait for further news before making signings . Kelvin Davis will deputise until the end of the campaign . Sixth-placed Saints travel to Everton on Saturday .


Holly Beard and Steve Hancock tipped the scales at 41st between them . After being humiliated at work Holly joined Weight Watchers . Steve switched his eating habits too and the couple lost a combined 11st .


Ally Lees , of Alfie Bird 's restaurant in Birmingham , created the dish . It contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man . He recommends a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into it .


Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City , according to his agent . The 19-year-old Barcelona B player is keen to seek first-team action . Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona .


Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, has had 13 operations on her breasts. She has had a 13th operation as part of TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters. The surgery involved removing one implant and then a second one.


Jayla Currie , 23 , from Berne , Indiana , is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women 's Prison . The program allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences . The mother-of-one has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession . Jayla gave birth to her one-year-old son Jayden


Four-month-old Sonit Awal was buried in the rubble of his home when the earthquake struck on Saturday . His father frantically searched for him for 22 hours before the Nepalese Army rescued him . The baby was taken to hospital and found to be uninjured .


15 men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week 12 christians from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea . survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants, claim the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion . but they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain .


Families flee parts of western Iraq amid continuing onslaught from ISIS fighters . Officials there say the Iraqi government is failing to protect them . Thousands have been forced to grab what they can and head east toward the capital .


Woman jumped on top of the bonnet of her car in Smyrna , Georgia . But the carjacker was driving off at speed regardless . A man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot at the thief . Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman .


Bath face Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night . Sam Burgess has played predominately at centre so far for Bath . But the former rugby league superstar will line up at flanker on Friday .


Jericho Scott , 16 , was shot dead in New Haven , Connecticut , on Sunday . Scott was told he could no longer pitch for Will Power Fitness team in 2009 . Youth Baseball League of New Haven officials said he pitched too fast . Sunday 's murder was city 's fourth homicide of 2015 and first youth killing .


Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen in the Scottish Premiership . If the gap stays the same Celtic could win the title at Aberdeen on May 11 . Aberdeen 's Adam Rooney does n't want Celtic to celebrate on their patch .


Police in Rhein Erft , Germany received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field . They initially assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call . They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl .


Heather Hironimus , who filed the complaint late Monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't . Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward . She and the boy 's father , Dennis Nebus , have been warring since her pregnancy . They were


Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . The former SS officer described how Jews were marched to gas chambers . One survivor , Eva Kor , told of her agony as her mother was ripped from her .


Tory Chancellor mocks Labour 's deputy leader as they share TV sofa . Harman refused to row back from ` posh ' attacks on the Conservatives . Insisted Tories are ` standing up for people at the top ' while others suffer . Osborne says that as ex-pupils of St Paul 's , the ` attack sounds a bit thin '


Serena Williams beats Camila Giorgi 7-6, 6-2 in first match of the Fed Cup. Both players break serve in first set, but the USA win on second. Lauren Davis plays No 15 Sara Errani in second match.


xie shisheng, who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned, was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week . now 34, a very gaunt xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily .


April 19 marks 20 years since the Oklahoma City bombing . The bombing was carried out by domestic terrorists . Today 's domestic terror threats range from eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists .


39-year-old man shot numerous times while sitting in a car at his mother 's . The man is reportedly known on Facebook under the nickname Karl Kay . Police believe the attack was targeted and the victim was known to them . Authorities refuse to comment on whether the incident was gang-related . ` It 's a vendetta I believe , ' one concerned neighbour says , however .


One of the hallmarks of a tip-top inspector is that he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' Hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ` anyone who had trouble sitting down ' Frost and his team frequently detect drugs : socks impregnated with heroin , cannabis resin in shoes , soup cans or barrels of bitumen . Once , Frost found a pack


German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . Came across range of graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including Jaguar XK120 worth £ 82,000 if restored . Dieter , 57 , from Cologne , first came across a Citroen truck dumped in a bush six years ago and became hooked .


NYPD officers shot dead a man as he fled from the scene of a crime Wednesday night . The suspect , 30 , was taken to a local hospital where he later died . A witness said they saw an officer running with their weapon drawn ` telling everyone to get out of the way '


Relatives of Wayne Community College shooting victim say he was gay , local media report . The suspect had worked for the victim but was let go , college president says . The suspect , Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , was found sleeping on a Florida beach and arrested .


Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter final first leg . Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of tie . Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal . Suarez has scored 17 goals for Barca this season .


Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear. The presenter took to Twitter to reveal he would not be returning. Hammond's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on 'meddling' BBC executives.


The body of a New York woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour Sunday after she hung herself . The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building . One neighbor said the woman had mental health issues .


The images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols . It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased . The statement stems from a collection of Islamic teachings known as the hadith , which many Muslims reject .


Lincolnshire resort is famous for its giant Butlin 's holiday camp and caravan parks . It joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in top ten . Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 . He still attracts 400,000 visitors a year . Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes . Cornwall , with its 300 mile coastline ,


Zuriel Oduwole is often described as `` the world 's youngest filmmaker '' Aged 12 , she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues . Her most recent project , `` A Promising Africa , '' was released late last year .


Leicester , Burnley and QPR hoping to avoid going straight back down . Hull City and Sunderland also in danger of going down . Aston Villa and West Brom are closer to safety , but could get sucked in .


Neil Robertson has committed more hours to practice than ever before . Australian stormed into second round of Betfred World Championship . Robertson hopes new regime will lift him among the game 's all-time greats . He hopes to become a multiple winner of the sport 's major crowns .


Jonas Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by Newcastle in the summer . The midfielder was dropped from squad for Sunday 's match against Spurs . The Argentine was axed following a heated argument with John Carver .


celtic drew 1-1 with third-placed inverness caley thistle on saturday . leigh griffiths opened the scoring for the scottish champions . edward ofere equalised for the visitors in the second half .


chelsea beat queens park rangers 2-0 on sunday at stamford bridge . thibaut courtois was outstanding for the blues in the win . courtois has struggled for form in recent weeks .


Eden Hazard has been voted the Player of the Year by his fellow professionals . The Belgian has been in glittering form for Chelsea , scoring 18 Premier League goals so far . Diego Costa , David de Gea , Alexis Sanchez , Harry Kane and Phillipe Coutinho were also nominees for the award . Hazard has helped Chelsea to win the Capital One Cup and the club are on the brink of the Premier League title . The 24-year-old received the Young Player gong last season - an award won by Spurs ' Harry Kane this time out . Jose Mourinho : Hazard is worth £ 100m for each leg PLUS Cristiano Ronaldo .


Sale remain seventh in the Aviva Premiership despite their defeat . London Irish scored tries through Alex Lewington -LRB- two -RRB- and Andrew Fenby . Exiles fly half Chris Noakes adding two penalties and two conversions . The Sharks replied with tries from Tom Arscott -LRB- two -RRB- and Mike Haley . Danny Cipriani added eight points from the boot .


1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have both been charged . Members of Missile Squadron at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana . Malmstrom missile wing operates missiles armed with nuclear warheads . Hearing will see if enough criminal evidence to warrant a court-martial . Third officer was charged in December and court-martialed in January .


Benik Afobe fired Wolves ahead on 46 minutes with a low right-footed shot . Bakary Sako doubled the visitors lead from the penalty spot on 72 minutes . Dexter Blackstock scored a late consolation for the hosts in injury time . Win moves Wolves on to 68 points with six games remaining .


` Well you know , Malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told ABC News ` chief health correspondent , Dr . Richard Besser , in an interview that aired on Good Morning America . Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room


David A. Clarke Jr. and Jonathan Thompson : Why does Google have an app that ambushes police ? With Waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies .


Patrick Vieira set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer . Vieira has been working with Manchester City 's development squad . Frenchman made his name as a tough midfielder at Arsenal . READ : Pellegrini 's job on the line as Patrick Vieira waits in the wings . READ : Ashley Young laughs at City as United silence ` noisy neighbours '


peter schweizer's new book details conflicts of interest involving foreign donors to clinton charities . he says hillary clinton's campaign will likely go on the road, meeting with ordinary americans .


Sebastian Vettel stunned rivals Mercedes to win Malaysian Grand Prix . German 's first triumph for Ferrari was team 's first since 2013 . Victory enabled Italian outfit to carry out ritual of placing flag at team gate . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of F1 racing .


Australian plus-size model Laura Wells talks to Women 's Weekly . Size 14 beauty reveals the extreme diets of her room mates in New York . Says agents told models to follow extreme diet for Fashion Week . Last week France passed law banning excessively thin models . Agents and brands who do not comply will face fines and imprisonment .


Chelsea edged Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Blues forward Eden Hazard scored the game 's only goal , but United dominated possession and completed many more successful passes . Despite defeat , United 's confident performance suggests that they will definitely be Premier League title challengers again next season . United are preparing to spend heavily in the summer transfer window .


Arlette Ricci denied accusations and said she tried to avoid tax not evade it . Bugged call between the heiress and her daughter revealed otherwise . 74-year-old was fined around £ 700,000 and will have two properties seized . Was also given a total of three years in prison , with two years suspended .


The lyrics of American Pie were sold at auction in New York for more than $ 1 million . The song was written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean . It has been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock puzzle .


FBI investigating after intelligence information indicated possible terror plot . TSA involved although possible threat not necessarily related to aviation . No arrests have been made and it is unclear whether this is a new threat . In addition to Los Angles , some other US cities have increased security .


Buttery flavours of sausage roll are balanced by zesty apple of Riesling . Pair margherita with Shiraz and pepperoni pizza with Cabernet Sauvignon . Pair your Scotch egg with Fiano and chocolate with a glass of Merlot .


Hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion 's leaky roof . Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor de Blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation . Work will take place at same time as replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof . Both jobs should be completed by October or November .


Icon has amassed £ 77million fortune since rise to fame eight years ago . Former Dumfries shelf-stacker now owns £ 11 million Beverly Hills mansion . Ivor Novello winning DJ has worked with the brightest stars in pop music .


Photos taken for BBC show Being Human see Aidan Turner with a full ` rug ' ... but his chest hair in Poldark 's shirtless scenes looks distinctly pruned . Fans take to Twitter to comment on new Poldark male grooming debate . Aidan admits he uses baby oil to make his muscles look good in the series .


Sam Allardyce had his chance with West Ham but has failed to take it . Allardyce 's reputation is that of a man who guarantees top-flight survival . Yet West Ham have been playing relegation football since Christmas . They must go to the Olympic Stadium with more than survival as the aim . Napoli manager Rafael Benitez could be persuaded back to English football .


the recorded cell phone conversation shows john hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . in the five-minute video, hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line . hargrove says seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message .


deputy prime minister heckled by protesters in surbiton, south-west london . hecklers chanted: 'nick clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message of balanced budget .


Lucy Scott is an Edinburgh-born illustrator and mother-of-one . After having first child , Lois , in 2012 , she decided to create honest book . Doodle Diary of a New Mom looks at chaotic , realistic aspects .


England are the most successful team in the history of the Victory Shield . The Football Association have taken the decision to withdraw from future Victory Shield tournaments . It is understood the decision has been sped up by Sky Sports ` move to withdraw funding and propose an altered format . Gareth Southgate , the FA 's head of national teams , put the decision down to player development


Detective suspended after being accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid . Surveillance video appears to show Det . Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag . The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes .


Aaron Cresswell moved to West Ham from Ipswich for just £ 2m in 2014 . The left-back has proved a good fit in the Premier League since his move . John Stones , Nathaniel Clyne and Scott Dann are other examples .


Novak Djokovic beat qualifier Albert Ramos-Vinolas in straight sets . David Ferrer is also into the next round after his opponent retired . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga had to be alert as he was pushed by Jan-Lennard Struff .


The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media or other online means .


The Gaver family were camping outside a Walmart parking lot in Cottonwood , Arizona , on March 21 . One member of the band , now identified as Enoch Gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight . Suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . Footage was taken from a patrol car dashcam and shows them brawling with cops . One of the


Ralph Vaughan Williams 's Lark Ascending is the nation 's favourite classical music . It topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes . The top five was completed by Rachmaninov 's Piano Concerto No. 2 .


The three-and-a-half minute video is titled 'Never letting him book a hotel again' It shows a traveller's nightmare at a 'horrendous' hotel in Cyprus. The hotel has been condemned for its appalling conditions, including a swimming pool that is filled with rotting insects.


the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means . law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit .


Koch Brothers removing checkbox on criminal records from job applications . Authors : Major companies are recognizing that those with criminal pasts can be productive workers .


Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney, with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation. Now that the heels have been kicked off, the cameras put down, and the last bottle of champagne drunk.


Aljaz Bedene was granted British citizenship on Tuesday . The world No 83 is originally from Slovenia . Andy Murray says British players should use it as motivation to get better . Murray admits Bedene threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week and is currently ranked No 2 in the world .


Wayne Rooney looked down as he filled his £ 100,000 Range Rover . Rooney played in midfield during Manchester United 's loss to Chelsea . The 29-year-old was happy with his sides performance despite the loss . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Kite 's total length is 6 km -LRB- 3.7 miles -RRB- and is made of 2,000 sections . But only half was allowed to fly after concerns from air traffic control . Appalling weather conditions meant visibility at kite flying festival in Chongqing was down to 50 metres at times .


Rekha Nagvanshi , 30 , was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage . She was angry that her in-laws had stopped her husband from doing chores . So she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for a year . Her mother-in-law found her squatting over the teapot one day .


Jason Denayer has impressed for Celtic while on loan this season . The Parkhead outfit are keen to keen to sign the youngster permanently and hope that parent club Manchester City will release him . However , City boss Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to strengthen their homegrown talent pool . Denayer , 19 , entered City 's youth academy in 2013 and fits the bill .


u.n. official says cargo ship may have caused migrant boat to capsize . u.n. spokeswoman says ship may have touched or swamped boat .


Julie Walters pretended to be trusted official to gain access to care homes . Claimed to be both a council warden and from church to steal cash . Fleeced three elderly residents of money in three separate attacks . Admitted burglary and was jailed for two and a half years at Minshull Street Crown Court .


A Gronking To Remember is a fan fiction about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games. The book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on The Tonight Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live.


Mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as least favourite family member . Poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of Brits . They said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws . Research found households where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise .


isis militants infiltrated yarmouk refugee camp in damascus today . militants entered camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with syria following heavy clashes . militants reportedly entered camp from hajar aswad neighborhood in southern damascus in coordinated attack with rivals in al qaeda-affiliated nusra front .


Chelsea are poised to sign Liverpool striker Raheem Sterling. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester City. But Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling is 'going nowhere' in the summer.


Tim Sherwood wants to cause a FA Cup shock at Wembley on Sunday. Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season. Sherwood said: 'Let's hope he's not laughing after Sunday'


Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank fans for sending in messages ahead of their clash with Liverpool. The 19-year-old said 'UTV (Up The Villa)'


Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-1 in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points clear of Arsenal who occupy second place. David De Gea was named Man of the Match after beating Joe Hart.


malky mackay was appointed as wigan athletic manager in november . sportsmail revealed in august mackay was being investigated over 'sexist, racist, homophobic and anti-semitic' texts . mackay failed to secure a single win at home in six months in charge . mackay was sacked on monday following a 2-0 defeat by derby .


Gareth Southgate led a team to fourth in the Toulon Tournament last May . Aidy Boothroyd will take charge this year for the competition . Liverpool youngster Jordon Ibe could be one of the players involved .


Sustainable development is a doctrine that says : Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation . The idea is that an economy must satisfy all three principles : economic growth , social fairness and environmental sustainability . Sustainable development calls for a holistic approach that combines economic , social , and environmental objectives .


Damon Clay , 17 , of Atlanta , has burns covering 70 per cent of his body . Officers have arrested Quintavious Barber , 19 , and Malik Morton , 18 . They were arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child . Relatives of Clay say the two men accused him of stealing a PlayStation 3 .


Researchers examined 4,200 studies and selected 11 weight loss plans . Included Atkins , Jenny Craig , meal replacements and online support sites . Wanted to see how successful they were at first and in the long term . Very few plans had evidence they worked better than getting information elsewhere for free - or that they helped weight stay off permanently .


Plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners . Consumer can pay for an ` ads-free ' version of YouTube for a monthly fee . Believed new service will launch on 15th June .


Tomas Driukas, 25, arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham. He was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning. His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.


Erica Kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress . `` This stunt was expected , '' Jameis Winston 's attorney says . A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case . Winston led the Florida State Seminoles to a national championship .


Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to Melissa . The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers . Some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate ' He says by gaining retweets , ` likes ' on his Facebook page and using hashtags # michaellovesmelissa


Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll was arrested Friday on drug possession charges . The NHL star was caught in the security line to the Wet Republic pool at MGM Grand Hotel . Andrews surfaced for the first time after her boyfriend 's arrest on Saturday . Stoll 's charges include possession of Class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances . NHL security has been notified and Kings are aware of situation as well .


The Soviets invaded Poland in World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of people . Tomasz Lazar photographed some of these Poles and listened to their stories .


Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says he is not worried about Man City. Van Gaal is confident of victory against the Premier League champions. United travel to Old Trafford to face Aston Villa on Sunday.


Charlotte Watts , a nutritionist , says stress drains the body of nutrients . Nutrient deficiencies shows up as things like spots on nails or cracked lips . She reveals seven signs of stress and what to eat to replenish the body .


Jamal al-Labani is believed to be the first American killed in current violence in Yemen . He was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel , his family said . He went to Yemen in February in hopes of bringing his wife and baby back to the U.S.


Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit , the Conservation Fund , to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast . The initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy .


Most Americans say businesses should not discriminate against same-sex weddings . Public opinion has shifted on the issue since last fall . Indiana passed and later changed its religious freedom law after public outcry .


Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in the latest wave of anti-immigrant protests . So far six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in Durban . South African police responded to the wave of protests by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today .


porto face bayern munich in champions league quarter-final . bundesliga champions are without arjen robben, david alaba, franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger through injury . porto coach julen lopetegui is holding out hope of an upset .


Rachel Simpson , 15 , diagnosed with one-in-a-million genetic condition . Has mutation of the GATA2 gene , making her vulnerable to infection . Can also make blood cells abnormal , leading to leukaemia . The other members of her family will find out their fate in next few weeks .


Japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally to encourage clear, unblemished skin. Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in the East Asian nation.


Kevin Rivera and Amber Diaz started arguing after their daughter 's party . Miss Diaz 's grandfather , Nicolas Diaz , 81 , allegedly intervened with knife . He ` stabbed Mr Rivera in the chest ' ; fled the scene after Sunday 's killing . Victim rushed to hospital with stab wound , where he was declared dead . Diaz turned himself in to police in Brooklyn , New York , Monday morning . Has been charged with manslaughter , while baby girl is now in custody .


Arsenal were title contenders in 2013/14 season before faltering at the end . Gunners have same record after 31 games : Won 19 , drawn six , lost six . Arsene Wenger insists Arsenal have improved with likes of Alexis Sanchez . Arsenal started this season poorly with defeats at Swansea and Stoke City . Adrian Durham : Arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off .


Manchester United 's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play four games in to 12 days before heading back to England on July 30 to recover in time for the start of the Barclays Premier League season on August 8 . United will play Club America , San Jose Earthquakes , Barcelona and PSG . Van Gaal was furious with the amount of travelling United had to


Colin Mcinerney , 28 , was allegedly beaten outside Darwin McDonald 's . He says he gestured at family on Friday night thinking they were his friends . Colin pulled up at McDonald 's drive-through before the other driver got out and allegedly started bashing him . Windscreen wipers and bottles were allegedly used to beat him . Police say the two vehicles pulled up at traffic lights and 35-year-old man took offence to Colin 's gesture . Colin , the 35-year-old man and his 36-year-old female companion were all arrested over the incident but later released without charge .


Sophia Adams has been named winner of Curvy Kate model competition . The ` Star in a Bra ' winner will feature in their next campaign and has also landed a modelling contract with plus-size agency Bridge Models . Launched in 2009 , Curvy Kate offers D-K cup lingerie , designed especially for a fuller bust . 21-year-old Adams , from North West London , has a 32JJ bust .


Paul Casey was the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at Augusta . The Englishman made the last of his eight Masters appearances in 2012 . He has the tools in his armoury to do well at the first major of the year . The 2015 Masters gets underway at Augusta National next Thursday .


Roof of Silverstone race track was damaged by high winds . A section of the £ 27m building was affected by weather earlier this week . Upcoming races and events at Silverstone will not be affected .


fashion designer georgina chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana, 22, to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business . 'she's furious. she thinks it's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids,' said a source who worked with the couple . weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting battilana during a march 27 business meeting at his tribeca office .


Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink. Once he's put an item in the machine, Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner.


The CDC says 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . Staff on the Infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak , according to the health agency . The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13 . Symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches . According to the CDC , most people recover within three days . Celebrity Cruises said in a statement that over-the-counter medication was administered on board . The ship previously experienced gastrointestinal illness outbreaks in 2006 and 2013 .


a delaware family fell ill at a rented villa in the u.s. virgin islands last week . the epa says it found methyl bromide in the villa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the u.s. because of its acute toxicity .


Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster 's Central Hall . Outburst came less than half an hour into last night 's live TV debate . He said : ` There just seems to be a total lack of comprehension on this panel ' David Dimbleby , who was presenting the broadcast , intervened to say : ` Nigel , let me just say one thing ' Ed Miliband


French photographer and illustrator , Thomas Lamadieu , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings . The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ` sky art ' He has made a name for himself among critics , art lovers and journalists all around the world .


The car left a parking lot at the Ports O ' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6 pm and ran off the road . The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water . Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died .


Julie Merner , 39 , has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . The mother-of-three has severe liver cirrhosis , which has ravaged her liver . ` I know if I carry on , I will end up dead-they say one more drop will kill me , ' she said . ` I do n't see it as a waste of money , they are


Clip shows moment helmet camera becomes detached and falls to earth . Remarkably , the camera remains intact despite plummeting from 10,000 ft. Was found in a meadow in Gringelstad , Sweden , and returned to its owner .


The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when a conductor on the 6 train called for help . The men , who are all police officers in their native Sweden , wrestled the suspect to the floor and held him until NYPD could arrive . ` We 're no heroes , just tourists , ' says Uppsala , Sweden , police officer .


pension firms said britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked . since monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life . yesterday, the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money .


a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the customer with a slap . cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager . after four separate requests to speak to a manager, the customer finally got the employee's attention . 'baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'just wait. you're gonna get your s***,' the employee


lord tebbit said david cameron has never had a 'proper job' before entering politics . the former tory party chairman said the pm had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in pr for carlton television . he also criticised mr cameron's tactics in playing up the threat of a labour-snp government . lord tebbit suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour .


Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques' Mr Farage said his protest had been sparked by the hostile audience reaction to his argument that high levels of immigration were increasing pressure on the housing market.


Yulia Simonova said she wanted the teenager to suffer ` unbearable pain ' Offered to pay ` hitman ' £ 1,400 to murder the boy in police sting operation . Now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .


Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar will return to the first-team from injury . Manager Tim Sherwood has urged the Dutchman to prove himself again and help Villa to avoid relegation from the Premier League . Vlaar played a starring role in Holland 's run to the World Cup semi-finals in Brazil last year . Villa take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday .


Millers await verdict of three-man Football League disciplinary panel . Manager Steve Evans expects decision before Norwich home game . Rotherham fielded an ineligible player against Brighton on Easter Monday .


Didier Drogba took advantage of the glorious London sunshine on Tuesday afternoon, less than 24 hours after Manchester City's defeat at Crystal Palace. The Blues striker was spotted on his mobile phone while taking a stroll through the capital and the former Ivory Coast international looked cool in a pair of dark shades, black baseball cap and Nike trainers. Drogba has scored six goals in 34 appearances this term since returning to Chelsea from Galatasaray in the summer.


The remains of 55 greyhounds were found in a bush site in Bundaberg . A 71-year-old man and a 64 - year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home . The shocking scene was , in the words of Detective Superintendent Mark Ainsworth , ` nothing short of abhorrent ' Local speculation suggests the site is a common dumping ground for ` wasted ' dogs .


More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine 's Hill nature reserve in Dorset yesterday . Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare , one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed . Police are treating the fire as suspicious and have appealed for witnesses .


The coins were found in a family bank deposit box in 2003. The Langbords say they found them in a family bank deposit box in 2003. The government said Joan Langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins.


Liam Stewart had been named in the 23-man squad ahead of tournament . The son of Rod Stewart has been replaced after suffering shoulder injury . The Spokane chiefs forward was in line to make his debut for GB . Ice Hockey World Championship takes place in Holland next week .


The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir , Hard Choices . In the new chapter , she said that while she had been nervous about giving birth , ` as a new grandmother ... there is nothing but joy ' In September , Chelsea started going into labor in New York City , so they headed to the


Firefighters rescued the woman 's three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , at around 1.30 pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 . The single mother , who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport , is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child .


Dramatic rescue led to the mainly-Burmese nationals being identified . Vast majority of them said they were desperate to leave Benjina island . Some wanted to stay - but only to demand their bosses hand over money . Men said they were kidnapped or tricked into becoming fisherman slaves .


It was claimed Sunday that the Food Network star has been cheating on his wife with assistant Elyse Tirrell for three years . Flay 's business partner Lawrence Kretchmar dismissed the report , saying he 'd have known if the chef was having an affair with an employee . Tirrell , who is 28 , used to work as a hostess at one of Flay 's restaurants before being promoted to be his assistant . The celebrity chef has filed for divorce from March , 40 , after 10 years of marriage but she is contesting their prenup .


Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras on a farm in northeast Victoria . The disturbing vision shows the two dogs ` torturing ' the injured kangaroo . He has since contacted the local council in hopes of locating the owners . Experts say the vision challenges stereotypes of dogs and kangaroos .


The five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three cities . They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . `` I ` m still speechless and do n't know how to react , '' tweeted Li 's girlfriend . They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted


Stephan Lichtsteiner played alongside Eden Hazard at Lille in France . Paul Pogba is another who stars alongside Lichtsteiner at Juventus in Italy . He has tipped 18-year-old Juve forward Kingsley Coman to be the next star .


liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on monday night . jordan henderson played his 47th game of the season . henderson thinks liverpool can catch manchester city in the premier league .


dick rothkopf, a former toy company chief, built the 17,000-square-foot estate in vail, colorado in 2008 . it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to the front door . the home is known as 'il podere' - which means 'family homestead' in the tuscan region of italy .


Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for Juventus. But he couldn't stop his side from sinking to a 2-1 defeat at local rivals Torino. Juve could have wrapped up their fourth consecutive Serie A title with a victory on Sunday.


Jeffrey Dahmer 's killer tells New York Post he did it because of the convict 's creepy practical jokes . Dahmer 's former minister tells the paper he 'd say to guard , `` I bite ''


One in ten thinking about moving to countries where the pay is higher . Poll of 15,560 family doctors finds 1 in 6 is considering going part-time . BMA survey also reveals 7 % of GPs are contemplating quitting altogether . Benefited from pay deal ten years ago that saw salaries increase by 50 % .


The race for promotion from the Championship is set to go to the wire . The top four teams in the second tier are separated by just two points . The next four sides in the table are covered by a single point . Bournemouth spent 101 days at the top - the longest this season .


Louis Jordan , 37 , had been missing at sea for more than two months before he was picked up off the North Carolina coast by a ship on Thursday . Jordan had told his family in January that he was ` going into the open water ' to go fishing but the boat capsized and the mast broke . He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat and plucked from the sea by a helicopter . He had a broken collarbone and was dehydrated but looked in good health and was able to walk to the hospital unaided . ` To us it 's just a miracle . We 're just so thrilled that he was found alive , ' said his mother Norma Davis . Jordan told rescuers he survived drinking rain water and eating raw fish and read a bible repeatedly from cover to cover .


ComRes survey for ITV shows Ukip falling behind in key constituencies . Latest in a series of polls showing the losing ground to the Tories . Ukip leader said he had ` made some mistakes ' by trying to do too much . He said he had to scale back his campaigning to rejuvenate himself .


Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world . Found out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic . Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city . Some refer to industry found in the city , some refer to environment .


Father wanted an Aussie to record a message from tooth fairy to his son . Jacob Hall , from Iowa in the U.S. , made a call for help on website Reddit . Victoria 's Jeff Pyrotek made a 20-second message as ` Bruce ' the tooth fairy . Mr Pyrotek , who is a father-of-three , said he wanted to make the boy 's day . So far , Mr Hall 's message has attracted more than 100 comments on Reddit . Mr Hall said his son , Evan , believed the tooth fairy was from Australia . He explained last time Evan , 7 , lost a tooth the fictional creature was late . So Mr Hall told him this happened because the fairy was from Down Under .


allie davis, 21, delivered ten-question document to boyfriend yesterday . dubbed 'official allie davis relationship test' and told him he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship' boyfriend of two-and-a-half years passed with score of 80 per cent .


Christine , 36 , has been in a relationship with Frank Lampard for five years . Says building a bond with Frank 's children has been a ` well-thought-out process ' ` They know I ' m their little mate . I do n't want to be their mummy . That was never even a thought , ` says the Irish TV star . Says they waited until they were


Tories returned donation from Beatrice Tollman , founder of hotel chain . She had previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge . But on same day husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion .


The 15-year-old girl , named locally as Leah Price , was airlifted to hospital last night . It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey , North Yorkshire . A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . She said : ` I could hear crying in a van , it was such


Just three weeks until polling day, 39% of voters say they will back the Conservatives compared to 33% for Labour. Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month - while Labour has dropped two points. Polls suggest Labour has pulled slightly ahead of the Tories.


The 20-year-old signed for £ 16million from Southampton in July 2014 . Calum Chambers has made 36 appearances for Arsenal so far this season . Chambers sees his club and international future playing centre back . Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday evening .


Arson , vandalism and direct threats against Jews , synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 . Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014 , after 95 a year earlier .


Twelve felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers were dismissed . Officers exchanged ` inexcusable ' racist text messages , police chief said . Messages referred to ` killing n ****** ' ; one said , ` I 'd have that noose ready ' Alvarez also created video featuring Obama sporting gold-capped teeth . Other clips included pictures of attacks on minorities and use of N-word . James Wells , Jason Holding and Christopher Sousa were fired in March . Colleague Alex Alvarez , 22 , resigned in late January during investigation .


Lewis Hamilton will start on pole in China . Pushed teammate Rosberg into second on the last lap . Rosberg refused to shake Hamilton 's hand afterward .


King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law in Runnymede , Surrey . But just a few hundred yards from the famous setting , dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town . The group are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul 's Cathedral in 2011 . The


bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the westfalenstadion on saturday . thiago came on for the first time since march 2014 against hoffenheim . the spanish midfielder has thanked the bayern fans for their support .


The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square . The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look . Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online prompting more owners to seek out the custom salons .


Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk, like his predecessor Pope Benedict XVI did. They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader – who spends much of his time hard at work at his desk or in meetings – as well as his considerable weight gain since he took office two years ago. The Pope's weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition.


Climbers are returning to Everest after 2014 season on Nepal side was canceled . Climbing permits increase in Tibetan and Nepalese side this year . 16 Nepalis died in Khumbu Icefall on Everest last year .


The ECB 's involvement with fraudster Allen Stanford has been defended . Sir Curtly Ambrose said he thought Stanford did ` a lot of good ' in deal . Michael Vaughan is staying at England 's Sugar Ridge Hotel in Antigua . Stuart Lancaster is unperturbed by claims that he has n't walked the walk . The Grand National peak viewing of 8.8 million was good for Channel 4 . Jimmy Anderson said he would tell young bowlers to : ` Ignore the media ' Graeme Swann and Kevin Pietersen 's feud seems to have ended .


Photograph taken of 23-year-old boy band star partying in London . Appears to be rolling a joint and is beside box of green substance . Tomlinson has been partying hard for 48 hours and went clubbing last night . Comes after Tomlinson appeared on exclusive Daily Mail Online video in which Zayn Malik appeared to smoke drug . Bandmate Liam Payne then issued apology for video .


The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka . It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . The £ 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- iOS app keeps a record of a user 's ` personal radiation ' This includes exposure from medical examinations , changes in a person 's location and flights .


The video was created by Washington-based American Chemical Society . It reveals three ` hacks ' to tackle stains on windows , carpets and counters . And shows the science behind why gin removes red wine stains and why spit removes food stains on hard surfaces .


Sexpert says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest . Even the simple act of blinking can demonstrate attraction . Here Tracey advises on how to use your peepers to get their attention .


Chase Lacasse , 19 , of New Hampshire , arrested for impersonating police . Teenager posted images of himself as officer on Instagram , owned gun . Customer at King Kone thought the costume was an April Fools ' joke .


Australian families will consume 124.3 MILLION chocolate treats this Easter . Some of the quirkiest desserts on sale include a $ 275 chocolate bunny and a ` topiary tree ' made up of 85 solid chocolate eggs . Most expensive treat in the world is a $ 64k bunny with diamond eyes in UK .


Man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures. He was conscious during 25-minute rescue efforts by firefighters. He was taken to hospital in Coventry and Warwickshire, where he remains.


Argentina says it will mount a legal challenge -- but has ruled out another conflict . Daniel Filmus said Britain 's decision to increase military spending was ` gunboat diplomacy ' He said : ` The United Kingdom can count on Argentina as an ally '


According to the U.S. Department of Education , female teachers who sexually assaulted students often got a pass in the past . Attitudes have now changed and more are being prosecuted . In U.S. schools last year , almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault - nearly a third of them women . Numbers are already slightly ahead this year for numbers of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students .


apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever . john sutter: this matters in a digital age where texting is how most people communicate .


Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , Jann S. Wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va . after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards .


All 13 choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham , Suffolk , have resigned in ` solidarity ' over the sacking of music director Stephen Hogger . The 55-year-old was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures .


Spanish football manager tore the side of his trousers exposing his thigh . Guardiola said later : ` I 'll have to buy new ones for the next match ' Trend for tight suits has seen Dermot O'Leary and Olly Murs left red-faced . Fashion blogger says men should n't ` stuff themselves ' into too-snug suits .


the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes . a buffalo fire department official has said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air .


jenna louise driscoll has been charged with having sex with a dog . the 25-year-old lashed out at a photographer outside court . she hit the photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle . ms driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality . she also faces charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug .


Ed Miliband will today claim Labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed ' He will insist he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration ' He will say : ` We will deal with people 's concerns because we have listened and we have changed ' His own shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target


Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic 's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Wednesday night . Celtic boss Ronny Deila and assistant John Collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent . The 24-year-old force of nature has been nothing short of remarkable . ` I have knuckled down and proved him wrong , proved JC wrong and shown that I deserve to be here


`` We are so happy , so happy . I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good , '' her mother tells CNN . Mary Jane Veloso 's alleged recruiter , Maria Kristina Sergio , and her partner Julius Lacanilao surrendered to authorities in the Philippines . The Philippines believes she herself is a victim of heartless drug syndicates , `` an embassy official says


Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher had been bound with a typewriter cord . Her body was discovered by other nuns at her mission in Durban . Police say octogenarian had been robbed of a small amount of cash .


Bill passes 92 to 8 ; passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place . GOP presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio vote against the bill , candidate Rand Paul votes for it .


Those named Nigel are twice as likely to vote Ukip , according to research . The three names most likely to vote Tory are Charlotte , Fiona and Pauline . And those named Michelle , June or Andy are likely to vote for Labour .


Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night . The Manchester middleweight is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . He is open to fighting in Glasgow this July , five years since he last fought in the UK .


Man accused of helping former lover kill woman during a sexual encounter . Micheal John Duffy pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers . The court heard he strangled Ms Ayers , 33 , with ` ringleader ' Rachel Evans . He said his co-accused Evans was the one with a ` twisted desire to kill ' Duffy reportedly buried Ms Ayers in shallow grave on her parents property . Evans pleaded guilty to murder and is set to receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence in Duffy 's continuing trial .


Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats . The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over North-East rivals Newcastle last weekend . That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three .


Firm previously revealed smart cocktail dress that can repel people . Is also developing wrist mounted drones . Intel also showed off button sized computer and wrist mounted drone .


Female fans captivated by new breed of ` pretty but gritty ' male leads . Aidan Turner in Poldark perfects the rugged costume drama look . Other heartthrobs include Kit Harington in Games of Thrones , Sam Heughan in Outlander and Travis Fimmel in Vikings .


Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants. Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes, and last night in parts of Johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart.


A mysterious benefactor has donated # 1.5 million to Bath Abbey . The anonymous donor , who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named , sent the money along with a note , saying they wanted to help safeguard the church ` for the next hundred years ' The donation was accompanied by a note saying : ` This generation has a solemn duty to


Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson . Bookmakers Coral say she is evens to take over from the disgraced presenter . She is ahead of former X-factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd . Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he verbally abused a producer .


Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton . Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute . Callum Wilson doubled the Cherries ' lead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute .


Iranian plane came within 50 yards of U.S. Navy Sea Hawk copter . Navy copter was on patrol in international airspace . U.S. official think Iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander .


A 13-page document reveals the first US spacewalk of the day. It was from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965. It showed the astronauts had to close the hatch to the spacecraft.


gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put napoli firmly in control . manolo gabbiadini made it four moments after coming on as a substitute . former arsenal striker nicklas bendtner pulled one back for wolfsburg .


Kimberly Dianne Richardson , 25 , was rushed to hospital in Raleigh , North Carolina , but died in the early hours of Sunday . Daniel Steele , 25 , has been arrested and charged with murder . Richardson was six months pregnant and her child - a girl - was safely delivered at a local hospital .


Top seed Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday . Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev . Rafael Nadal will play Nicolas Almagro in the second round .


Dick Advocaat ` enjoying every minute ' of his time at Sunderland . He has given his team five games to secure Premier League future . Sunderland host Crystal Palace on Saturday and beat Newcastle last week .


Justin Whittington , 23 , was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield , California , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . His charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 . The video shows a toddler being approached by a man believed to be his father .


The Pentagon announced Tuesday it would exhume the remains of nearly 400 sailors and Marines who were killed on the USS Oklahoma on December 7,1941 . The ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the surprise attack from Japanese forces . Altogether , 429 sailors and Marine onboard were killed , only 35 were identified in the years immediately after . In 1950 , they were reburied as


a new video created by oprah winfrey's own tv, reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset .


Joshua Smith , 16 , died in hospital after being rescued from the sea . Fell from a cliff at Berwick-upon-Tweed in the early hours of Easter Sunday . Northumberland Police say they are not treating the death as suspicious . Have referred the death to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .


Toby Perkins is deputy chairman of Labour election campaign and MP for Chesterfield . Email reveals interns are paid just # 25 per week for 12-hour shifts . Labour claims they will be paid nothing at all , making them volunteers . Lib Dem Julia Cambridge said : ` This smacks of utter hypocrisy '


Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany hits back at FFP rulings . Premier League champions were fined # 50million and ordered to operate with a # 49m transfer kitty . City are debt-free , thanks to the wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour 's personal investment . Manchester United splashed out # 150m on new talent in the summer .


Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day. Rodriguez received a warm welcome on his return, with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd. A-Rod received a warm welcome on his return, with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.


The SRU have agreed a £ 3.6 m contract over three years with BT . BT will take over the Scotland shirt sponsorship from RBS this summer . The Scotland U20 side will be the first team to wear the shirts with BT .


Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in Oxfordshire . It boasts stunning grounds , luxury accommodation and two Michelin-starred restaraunt . Lucy Verasamy attended a Food , Body , Mind course at the cooking school .


Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton were 15th and 16th in FP1 . They came to the fore in FP1 , finishing first and second respectively . Hamilton was faster than Rosberg in sectors one and two , but a lock-up in sector three cost him four tenths of a second . Sebastian Vettel had problems throughout the day , and his car was clipped by Sergio Perez in FP2 , ripping off his front-wing endplate on the left side .


the ivy nightclub in sydney's cbd played music during the minute's silence . a contractor doing a sound check inside the club is believed to have turned the music on . many in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger . a spokesperson for merivale, which runs the ivy, said the company was 'mortified and deeply upset' by the incident .


John Caudwell has bought a car park in Audley Street , Mayfair and is planning to replace it with a huge block of flats . The new complex will contain five townhouses , a mews house , three penthouses and 21 more luxury apartments . The homes being built by Phones4U entrepreneur will boast their own swimming pools and private gyms . But he could have difficulty with planning permission if VIP neighbours object to proposal for four-storey basement .


Thursday 's match between two baseball heavyweights turned into a brawl . Began after dispute between the Yordana Ventura and Adam Eaton . Sparked a mass fight with members of both teams running onto the field . Umpire ejected a total of five players after the scrap at Chicago 's stadium . Ventura was suspended for seven games . Edinson Volquez suspended five games and Lorenzo Cain and Kelvin Herrera got two games each . Sox players Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended for five games . Catcher Tyler Flowers was let off with an undisclosed fine .


WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts , who lives and works in Minnesota , was proposed to by boyfriend Justin McCray . The Florida native was shocked to see her now-fiancé appear in the studio during a segment on wedding costs .


luke harris and daryl lee, from surrey, celebrated birth of their first child . son phoenix blue was born naturally after 16-hour induced labour . willow-star was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate viktoria ellis's home .


Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years . Husband does n't have permanent address or permanent employment . Baidoo is granted permission to send divorce papers via Facebook .


amnesty international calls for an independent investigation . the police killed 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india . the police claimed self-defense, but amnesty says most were shot in the back .


Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Loic Remy scored his second consecutive Premier League goal . Jose Mourinho has praised the striker 's professionalism . Remy also scored the decisive goal against Hull City before the international break .


Coral Jones , 43 , has had anonymous letters branding her a ` bad mother ' Daughter April was snatched from outside home and killed by Mark Bridger . She blames herself for allowing April to play outside for extra 15 minutes . Family have struggled to come to terms with murder and set up campaign .


Actor thinks the former Secretary of State has ` paid her dues ' Revealed his choice for the nomination at the Tribeca Film Festival . Said in 2006 both she and Obama would one day be in the White House . Added that if she is president there will be ` surprises '


Police found 20 grams of marijuana buried within a leg of lamb . Northern Territory Police made find after officers smelled something suspicious . The stash is believed to be worth $ 2000 - $ 100 per gram - because it was to be sold in remote communities in the Australian Outback . Police said they will continue to crack down on sale of illegal drugs .


Taekwondo star Aaron Cook has changed his nationality to Moldovan . He is reported to have been aggrieved at being left out for London 2012 . British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says Cook was set on switching .


Wellness guru and app developer Belle Gibson lied about having cancer . ` No , none of it is true , ' she told Australian Women 's Weekly . ` I am still jumping between what I think I know and what is reality ' , she said . Leading psychologist believes Gibson could be suffering from both anti-social behaviour and narcissism disorders . Jo Lamble says the wide adoption of technology and social media mean that small lies can easily get out of hand .


Number of motorists to appear in court has increased by a quarter . The spike has been put down to introduction of ` smart motorways ' Conservatives are already moving to scrap controversial cameras . Labour plans to repaint them yellow to make them easier to spot .


After calling off its air campaign , Saudi Arabia resumes airstrikes in Yemen . No casualties are reported , but 3 Houthi military compounds were destroyed . Saudi airstrikes resumed after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade .


Michael McIndoe fronted a # 30million investment scheme in 2011 . He lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a 20 % return . But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt last year . The tricky winger was known as ` Mr Big ' in Marbella , where he partied with glamorous girls . The 35-year-old said he was now surviving on the


Harper Beckham and North West have both attended Fashion Week shows . Harper attends with father David and brothers to support Victoria 's shows . North made headlines throwing tantrum while seated next to Anna Wintour . Roxy Jacenko 's three-year-old daughter attended two MBFWA shows .


Newcastle boss John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against Sunderland in the Wear-Tyne Derby . Carver has been part of the coaching staff for previous Newcastle managers Alan Pardew , Sir Bobby Robson and Ruud Gullit . He was Gullit 's assistant when Newcastle were beaten 2-1 by Sunderland after the Dutchman benched Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson . Carver insists that he will not make the same mistakes as his predecessor .


The show celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles. The series also includes the pair working on a number of foreign-manufactured cars.


Last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 °F -LRB- 13.6 °C -RRB- . This is 1.5 °F -LRB- 0.85 °C -RRB- above the average for the 20th century . This was the highest for March in the 1880 -- 2015 record , surpassing the previous record of 2010 . It follows earlier announcements from US government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history . Scientists warn


Ukip leader Nigel Farage risks alienating those watching debate last night . Complains of ` remarkable audience even by Left-wing standards of BBC ' Comments on housing pressure due to immigration greeted with mutters . David Dimbleby says independent polling firm chose ` balanced ' audience .


Calum Chambers has played 35 times already for Arsenal this season . Eric Dier has become an important first-team player at Tottenham . John Stones has impressed for Everton after being moved to the middle .


Metropolitan police are assessing footage which appears to show Arsenal fans singing a homophobic chant about Ashley Cole. The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. The footage appears to show a homophobic chant – sang along to Lily Allen song Smile – being aimed at Cole, who left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006.


Calum Chambers , Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent Premier League campaigns . Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games . England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions .


Diane Priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue . An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes . Instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned and the grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at Darlington Memorial Hospital .


John posted his advert in the window of his local newsagents. It reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality' The lonely heart, which was posted last week, has now gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by.


Starbucks ran its European business - including UK - through Holland . But Dutch division paid just £ 1.9 million tax on profits of £ 300million . Now details of UK company at heart of new probe have started to emerge . A Starbucks spokesman said it complies ` with all relevant tax rules , laws '


holders sevilla will face fiorentina for a place in the europa league final . rafael benitez's napoli will play dnipro dnipropetrovsk for a place in the warsaw final, which takes place on may 27 . the draw for the europa league semi-finals was made on friday morning at uefa's headquarters in nyon .


Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif , the resident experts on the popular E ! reality show Botched , spoke to Cosmopolitan . com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season . One of their patients this season , Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh , received black market injections from a self-proclaimed ` physician ' who had her face filled with cement at


Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish impressed for Aston Villa at Wembley . Villa captain Delph scored to send Tim Sherwood 's men to FA Cup final . Grealish is a similar player to former England star Steve McManaman . Villa boss Tim Sherwood has got the club 's passion and excitement back . Leicester look the most likely of the promoted clubs to stay up . The Foxes have six games remaining , four of which are at home .


Indianara Carvalho , 23 , had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity . Hoped to bring ` respect ' to her Miss BumBum title by becoming a virgin . Posted a snap of her naked body painted with image of Virgin Mary to Instagram . Accompanied photo with the phrase : ` Good Friday . Lord , on this day I ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength '


Scott Kelley , stepfather accused of kidnapping , is arrested at the Atlanta airport . Mother Genevieve Kelley 's trial is set to begin next month . Mary Nunes ' father says he is `` overjoyed she is alive and back in the US ''


A new mother was shocked to receive a scathing letter . Unsigned letter slammed her for posting too much on Facebook about her baby . Letter to Jade Ruthven claimed to come from her friends . She chose to respond by posting even more photos of her baby to take a stand against the bullies . She has no idea who sent the cruel letter or why they chose to be so mean .


EXCLUSIVE : Farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats . Party officials admit most candidates are being left to their own devices . Among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is Folkestone and Hythe . Ukip candidate Janice Atkinson was replaced after expenses scandal .


Mr Sondheimer frantically tried to break down cockpit door before crash . Photograph of the captain is the first to have been released since disaster . It has emerged Lubitz was planning the attack online using name Skydevil . Display created before staff learned Lubitz deliberately crashed the aircraft .


Anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- . In laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease . The discovery could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the devastating auto-immune disease ,


Josh Mason gave TV interview thanking Clegg for not visiting his seat . He is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar but faces Labour challenge . After making scathing remarks he rowed back with statement from party . Suggested that Lib Dem leader would be made ` welcome ' after all .


US Ambassador Stephen Mull apologised for James Comey 's comments . Comey , head of the FBI , wrote editorial opinion piece in Washington Post . It said : ` In their minds , the murderers and accomplices of Germany , and Poland , and Hungary and so many other places did n't do something evil ' Mr Mull said Nazi Germany alone bears responsibility for the Holocaust .


Willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes . Study was by Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University . More than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research . but there is no specific gene for how much children enjoy learning .


Former 2Day FM host Mel Greig penned an open note to the media . Greig became infamous in 2012 when she was involved in a prank with her co-host which resulted in the suicide of a nurse in London two days later . ` Have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call ? ' , Greig asks . She asks the media to be sensible when covering the birth of baby # 2 . Greig speaks of being on the receiving end of aggressive journalists and says that there are certain lines that should never be crossed .


The septum ring is n't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years . It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes . In Australia , Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose .


MicahMedia uploaded the 28-second video demonstrating his method . Video currently has more than 16million views on YouTube . The four-step method only requires a glass and some water .


Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name . That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain . In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to the Office of National Statistics . There has been suggestion that football pundit Lineker or Take That singer Barlow


Conchita van der Waal offered a range of ` kinky ' services for € 450 an hour . She hinted at her high-powered role in the Dutch Central Bank on her site . She boasted : ` If only my clients , colleagues or boss knew ... I 'm a hooker ' The Dutch Central Bank fired 46-year-old van der Waal for ` integrity issues '


Alan Gordon put LA Galaxy into the lead after 23 minutes with a header . Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey both missed the game through injury . Lamar Neagle had a number of chances to score for the visitors . David Beckham was present to watch the MLS clash at the StubHub Arena .


Three passengers report a loss of consciousness on SkyWest flight . But officials say there is no evidence of a pressurization problem .


Ella Dawson , 22 , a recent graduate of Wesleyan is revealing her genital herpes status in an attempt to destigmatize the STI . One in six Americans have genital herpes and that number is just among people who have been tested . ` When a real person , a woman you know and respect , casually mentions having herpes , it stops being a punchline and starts being someone 's reality , ' Dawson said .


Carlos Bacca puts Sevilla ahead from the spot after Vitolo was fouled . Salomon Rondon equalises following blunder from Beto . Beto gives away second goal when he turns Hulk shot over his own line . Kevin Gameiro wins the tie for Sevilla on break in closing minutes .


Teacher Karstein Erstad found thousands of live worms on top of the snow . There have been reports of worm rainfall in Norway following his report . Mr Erstad says the ` very rare phenomenon ' happened in Sweden in 1920s .


the couple, in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment . neighbours in san martino, italy, described the screams as 'deafening' the couple appealed the sentence and have been fined £9,000 .


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced . Seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .


Tinside Lido in Plymouth boasts fountains and views of the Isle of Wight . The beautiful Llyn y Fan Fach in Wales is haunted by a ` Lade of the Lake ' Nantwich has the last inland brine pool in the country for aches and pains .


squadron leader ian joll was forced to crash-land on a dutch beach . he was missing presumed dead after a strafing attack on a german aircraft . ten minutes later his mother received a telegram saying he was 'missing believed dead' but he survived the incident and made it home to gravesend, kent . his medals - including the distinguished flying cross - are up for auction .


Kenya is tracking finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab . So far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up . The government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011 , and efforts to freeze assets have gone on .


57 % of adults claim to use discount store like Poundland every week . Of those 53 % are in the top A/B social class , who on average earn more than £ 35,000-a-year . News comes on the back of rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl .


Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially. Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century' The fight was the first time a boxer was stripped of the world heavyweight title.


Austin Carey , 23 , and Jay Rawe , 25 , were base-jumping in Idaho . Mr Carey 's parachute got caught in Mr Rawe 's and they plummeted 500ft to the ground . The pair were left with broken vertebrae and were told they may never walk again . But a year on both have returned to the sport they love and Mr Carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge .


Lesley Conman 's daughter Abbie , 12 , was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert . She accepted a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy . After she saw the provocative messages , she challenged the man herself . Humberside Police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed .


Ed Miliband is trying to build his ` leadership skills ' using psychology . He has hired a leadership coaching firm to help him feel less anxious . The firm ExtendedMind also tries to make its clients seem ` more authentic ' Miliband had a note to remind him to be a ` happy warrior ' during a debate .


Alex Impey , a father-of-two , says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illnesses . He receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , Gnostic Hemporium , on the NSW Central Coast , north of Sydney . He says the drug is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill . Some cancer sufferers can use


LeBron James scored 23 points against his former side on Thursday . Miami Heat 's Dwayne Wade injured his knee as his side lost to Cleveland . Golden State made it 11 straight wins after Harrison Barnes ' late score . Houston beat Texas rivals Dallas thanks to 24 points from James Harden .


The Everglades is the lifeblood of Florida. It's the most biologically diverse, diverse wetland in the world. The Army Corps of Engineers pumped 2,000 miles of dikes and pipes into the Everglades.


Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer . The Premier League champions need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season . Frank Lampard , Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave while Richard Wright is expected to follow , and James Milner will decide his fate .


Jacob Lawrence's groundbreaking work, "The Migration of the Negro," is a series of 60 small paintings. Some blame President Barack Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.


Jia Huaijin aspires to bring back 2,000-year-old sword making technique . Each sword is worth 18 times the monthly salary of the Chinese president . Blades are hand-crafted from steel that is 3 mm thick and are razor sharp . Sword fanatics from as far as Canada have bought the expensive replicas .


classical singer camilla kerslake, 26, showed off more than she bargained for in a daring, backless black dress . despite being accompanied by england rugby captain boyfriend chris robshaw, the cameras were firmly trained on the singer . 'pre-engagement' is a growing trend, with thousands of couples now choosing 'promise' rings ahead of a formal proposal .


Oscar was withdrawn at half-time in win over Stoke City last weekend . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho criticised Oscar publicly after Stoke game . Brazilian midfielder has not completed 90 minutes in last 11 games . Jose Mourinho 's side visit QPR in the Premier League on Sunday .


Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors . The animals were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford . They had matted fur , were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet . Couple were jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning pets .


jeremy trentelman, 36, of ogden, utah, built a giant box fort for his children last week . the fort included trap doors, a slide, trampoline and a small slide . he quickly received a letter from code enforcement saying it was 'junk' the father, who works as a florist, said he will not contest the letter .


Nurse Deborah Roberts forced a wet wipe into Phyllis Hadlow 's mouth . Dementia patient , 96 , occasionally screamed out because of her condition . Roberts , 53 , also poured water over the elderly widow in a hospital ward . She admitted wilfully neglecting frail Mrs Hadlow but will not be jailed .


Ancient fort was built on 20-foot sea stack near Stonehaven , Aberdeenshire . Archaeologists needed to use ropes to reach the summit for the excavation . They found remains of stone walls , ramparts and a charcoal filled fireplace . Experts believe it may have been one of a line of forts along Scottish coast .


Zheng Gong Hospital in Henan Province , China , was under threat of demolition . It is situated in the path of a road expansion project and was to be demolished . But hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put ` wheels ' on the building .


Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend. Families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife.


The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students . The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab .


MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers . Comes after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster . Guidance issued by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure -LRB- CPNI -RRB- recommends continuous psychological assessment of key employees . But a BA pilot claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks . Three-quarters of insider acts


Police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church . A fire was started at St Mary 's Catholic Church in Dandenong , at 2.15 am on April 1 . The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell . Police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes that were lit two days before .


Some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city . `` There was some fear , but it was really mixed in with an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help , '' co-owner says . Other businesses outside the major protest zones stayed open to be a resource .


Jessica Ennis-Hill is juggling motherhood with aiming for a gold medal . She begins her comeback in May and targets glory at Rio Olympics . Ennis-Hill admires Katarina Johnson-Thompson but wants to beat her .


england lock joe launchbury has been out since october . launchbury has a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck . the wasps lock is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester .


Artist Catalina Viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots . In total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp . The bite-sized series is aptly titled ` A View of the End ' It is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn , New York . In keeping with this approach , she named each work


Nico Rosberg is locked in the battle of his career with Lewis Hamilton . Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race . Rosberg 's deficit to Hamilton was six-tenths of a second on Saturday . He is also separated from the Briton by 17 points .


Geologists used undersea vehicles to record two underwater volcanic vents - called Hades and Prometheus - as they erupted near Samoa . Scientists found the acoustic signatures of the eruptions were different . They hope to use sound to monitor underwater eruptions as they happen .


Maison Souquet is a newly-opened hotel in the Pigalle district of Paris. The Pigalle district is famous for its opulent interiors and its bars. The 20-room hotel is described as a 'temple to hedonism'


Archbishop of Canterbury also said the dead were ` martyrs ' in speech . Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq .


Kirkland died Saturday from complications stemming from kidney failure . He and cousin Carl Kirkland founded Kirkland 's home decor stores in 1966 . They expanded stores into chain with more than 300 locations in 35 states . He donated money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee and it is still expanding today . Memorial service will be held on Wednesday at park , which will be closed .


Lloyd Dennis has been charged with 28 offences against two children . The 32-year-old has worked at a number of primary schools in Hampshire . The reel of charges includes rape and sexual activity with a child .


Patient-known only as Alex S-had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks . He believed the operations would help him regain his vitality and cure schizophrenia . Dentist-known as as K-claimed to be a ` recognised healer ' He said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S , who lived in woods and only ate raw foods , had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings .


Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci , 40 , announced that Donatella , 59 , will appear in his new ad campaign . The top designers work for competing fashion brands , but they are good friends in real life . Riccardo once told Donatella he would love to see her dressed in Givenchy .


Kestutis Martuzevicius , 52 , is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania . He spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill . In Lithuania he is accused of two murders , robbery and extortion . European Court of Human Rights criticised ` manifestly ill-founded ' case .


joyce tabram, 82, lost five kilograms in five days while being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth . she was admitted to the hospital on march 30 with a swollen abdomen . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed . ms tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down .


Beatrize Carrion-Moore was charged with trespassing after warning , resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer . The incident occurred outside of a bar in West Palm Beach in Florida . Officers were called after reports about woman offering sex for money . Bar patrons refused and woman would n't leave during Friday night incident .


Rory McIlroy heads to the Masters hoping to complete a career grand slam . Bose have released a video chronicling McIlroy 's early career . The 2015 Masters kicks off at Augusta on April 9 . READ : McIlroy warned Tiger Woods he would catch him after penning golf legend a letter ... when he was just nine years old ! CLICK HERE for all the latest news and build-up to the Masters 2015 .


The men are current or former Florida prison guards . They are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murder .


A defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday . Her boyfriend , Caleb Barnes , 20 , who is from El Paso , Texas , but was stationed at Fort Meade , Maryland , is charged with homicide . The teen 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow


Troy Slezak from California filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home . Footage shows the duo rolling around together and stopping for nose rubs . Slezak says the canine is usually ` very hyper ' but as soon as she sees Stella she is ` calm ' and ` careful '


Novak Djokovic beats Rafael Nadal 6-3 6-3 in Monte Carlo . Serbian World No 1 will face Tomas Berdych in the final .


odion ighalo equalised for watford with 15 minutes to go at the ipro stadium . darren bent scored from the penalty spot to make it 2-2 at the ipro stadium . adlene guedioura grabbed the equaliser for watford with 15 minutes to go .


Strike is set to begin at 5 am tomorrow and continue for two days . Up to half of all flights to and from France will be cancelled this week . BA and easyJet have warned passengers to expect severe delays .


the two continents are linked at panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared . new study presents evidence that the panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier .


Cesc Fabregas flag currently adorns Arsenal 's Ken Friar Bridge . Arsenal Fan TV 's Claude Callegari believes it should be taken down . Fabregas left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011 before signing for Chelsea . 27-year-old midfielder is enjoying a fruitful first season at Stamford Bridge . Arsenal vs Chelsea special : Cesc Fabregas to make Emirates return .


Were the police justified in stopping Freddie Gray ? Can they be held liable for his death ?


A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital . But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase . That means porters are left to carry travellers ' heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station .


Britain is home to a grand array of wildlife , from birds of prey to dolphins . You can glimpse the most magical of marine mammals at Cardigan Bay . You can also glimpse the elusive red squirrel at Formby in Lancashire .


Andres Iniesta started on the bench as Spain lost 2-0 to Holland . Iniesta entered the fray in the 76th minute at the Amsterdam Arena . The Spain star was booed by the Dutch fans . Iniesta scored the winner against Holland in the 2010 World Cup final .


timothy eli thompson was born prematurely without any nasal passages or sinus cavities - a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story . the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .


Madison Small woke up feeling ill on Monday night so was rushed to hospital , but her organs began shutting down and she died on Tuesday . Her parents have not been given a diagnosis for their daughter 's illness and the medical examiner 's office is now determining the cause . Hundreds of students and family members gathered for a candle-lit vigil on Tuesday night , where she was remembered as a great athlete and friend .


Stephanie Coontz : Indiana , Arkansas governors caught off guard by outrage , boycotts over anti-LGBT law . She says religious conservatives who discriminate no longer hold sway in a culture comfortable with diversity , including same-sex marriage .


Liverpool face a summer overhaul with up to 10 players possibly leaving . Raheem Sterling is wanted by Premier League champions Man City . Wolfsburg have shown an interest in long-serving defender Martin Skrtel . The Anfield club will listen to offers for Italian frontman Mario Balotelli . READ : Liverpool launch bid to rival Man Utd for PSV 's Memphis Depay .


Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat insists he is not underestimating the significance of Sunday 's game against local rivals Newcastle . While in charge of Rangers in 1998 , Advocaat made the mistake of playing down the Old Firm game against Celtic and lost 5-1 . The Dutchman does not want a repeat of that embarrassment . He is considering starting winger Adam Johnson for the game , for the first time for his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .


If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather , there are lots of places to try . Lidos , which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation , are a good first port of call . Picking the right one - that is n't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial .


Two-bedroom property first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in 1915 . Brought it 40 years later for £ 350 before passing it to daughter Freda . Family have now all moved away and house is on market for £ 164,500 .


Andy Murray confirmed that Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from him at Wimbledon. Murray is in Munich for the BMW Open and joined in the 100-year celebrations. Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and is expected to return to the US Open in September.


Shelley Dufresne , 32 , and fellow teacher Rachel Respess , 24 , were arrested in September after a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he had slept with both of them . An investigation later revealed that the 16-year-old student had sex with both the two teachers-including an alleged a threesome with both at respess 's house . The married mother-of-three pleaded not guilty to a count


jen psaki, obama's communications director, started her new job wednesday . psaki is one of two pregnant women serving as obama's assistant to the president . obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare, flexibility and paid leave, including 12 weeks paid maternity leave for his own staff .


Aston Villa face fellow relegation fighters QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday . Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his players must dig deep to win . Sherwood labelled his stars ` icing on the cake players ' on Monday .


Paul Hellyer served as Canada 's defence minister from 1963 to 1967 . He made the comments during a speech at the University of Calgary . Hellyer says aliens have ` been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' Many walk among us , he claims , but it can be difficult to tell them apart .


University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus . Some fear retraction of Rolling Stone story about one case takes focus off the broader issue . After the story came out , UVA instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward .


Condemned Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible . His brother , Chinthu , has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad . His fellow death row inmate , Andrew Chan , has asked to spend last hours in church with his family . It has been confirmed that the two men will be executed just past midnight on Wednesday .


Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire . The 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child . He will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month .


Bill Spedding , 63 , has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault . He was a person of interest in the disappearance of William Tyrrell , who vanished from his grandmother 's Kendall home in September last year . The washing machine repairman was staying in a caravan on a property in Campbelltown in Sydney 's west . Police will allege


Since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , an opposition group says . A year earlier , SOHR 's tally stood at 162,402 . Violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution , U.N. says .


The European Union is trying to stop thousands of migrants from drowning at sea . Migrants risk their lives by paying people smugglers to get them to Europe . Australia has successfully stopped the flow of migrant boats to its waters .


Charlene presented tennis ace Novak Djokovic with his Sportsman of the Year award. The 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented the award. The Laureus Sport for Good Foundation presented the award to Djokovic at the World Sports Awards.


consumer reports tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp in 27 us cities . 60 per cent of the prawns tested contained traces of harmful bacteria . scientists found traces of e.coli, salmonella and vibrio .


AQAP says a `` crusader airstrike '' killed Ibrahim al-Rubaish . Al-Rubaish was once detained by the United States in Guantanamo .


Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before making decision on Spaniard 's future . Michu has spent the season on loan at Italian outfit Napoli . The 29-year-old recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea this summer .


Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico. The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Victor Ramirez. She died on March 20 and was in so much pain she could not move.


Dani Alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on his Instagram account on Thursday. His contract runs out at the end of the season and he is being linked with a move to Manchester United. Barcelona have never planned to keep him beyond this season.


Eleven leading figures from seven parties have written a joint letter . They accused the CPS of orchestrating a ` whitewash ' in the justice system . Lord Janner , who has dementia , will not face trial over 22 serious offences . At least 19 men with dementsia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 . MailOnline has revealed some paedophiles , including several too ill to


Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March. The Frenchman scored five goals in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins last month. He joins a long list of compatriots to be ranked as a month's best player in the English top flight.


Researchers observed random parents with children at NY playgrounds . Phones and tablets were a dangerous distraction for parents , they claimed . Kids with distracted carers were more likely to engage in risky behaviour . This included jumping off moving swings or going head-first down slides .


The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later . The bird 's skin had healed around the arrow and made the process more difficult . A worker at the Anaheim Hills Car Wash befriended the goose several days ago by feeding it bread crumbs and was able to catch it and turn


Report says North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . Victor Cha : Washington has tended to downplay North Korean threats .


Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten sentenced to life in prison , mandatory for first-degree murder conviction . Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard sentenced to 30 year each , plus one day . Blackwater said its convoy came under attack , and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated . Among the dead were two boys , 9 and 11 , a doctor , a used


the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang . she was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves . the brothel, formerly known as club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . it has been listed for sale through barry plant real estate .


Jon Huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect . Plans for complete transformation of Westward Ho ! in Folkestone , Kent . Describes the expected environment to be ` civilised and friendly '


dan klice, 57, was officiating at ramapo college in mahwah, new jersey . stray javelin headed towards him and he tried to dodge it - but tripped over . his fall left his heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring projectile . javelin was left sticking out of his foot while firefighters removed it .


US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers . Sellers on eBay who end their price with ` 00 ' typically receive offers for their goods that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices . But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner , and are up to 5 per cent more Likely to sell at all .


Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship . The 25-year-old led 7-2 from Wednesday before Carrington fought back . Trump will now face Marco Fu in the next round . Mark Selby and Shaun Murphy also through to the second round .


New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio 's son , 17-year-old Dante , has been accepted into Yale and Brown universities and will make his decision by the end of the month . Dante 's choice of college is obviously a private matter , but how his parents-as champions of the underprivileged-will fund it , is obviously of public interest . Dante has a salary of $ 225,000 and his


Australian foreign minister says deal is to focus on tracking citizens who join ISIS . But one lawmaker describes it as `` dancing with the devil ''


In 1996 , Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention . In the first years of her life , Jennifer was in and out of the hospital as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness that caused digestive issues and seizures . Kathy 's lawyer blamed the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy-a syndrome that had grown in


Northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when George North will next play . Wales wing will miss Saturday 's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne . North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last Friday 's 52-30 win over Wasps .


Survey found one third of teachers suffer online bullying by parents . The bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 % of all reported online insults . Survey by teaching union reveals disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using Facebook and Twitter to intimidate staff . Further 15 per cent of teachers said they had threats made against them .


The lamb named Winter bends its head down towards the baby duck . Duck begins pecking and grooming lamb 's woollen coat . Lamb 's owner says animals ' actions are ` a heart-warming sign of trust '


Sussex Police posters urging women not to leave their friends alone. Women's rights groups said the advice was 'blindingly obvious' But police said it was 'sensible advice' and offered 'sensible advice' Campaigners said police should target potential attackers instead.


Karim Benzema will miss his side 's La Liga match against Malaga . The Real Madrid star is expected to be fit in time to face Atletico Madrid . Real Madrid are just two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona .


Manchester United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Gary Neville praised the Red Devils' performance in the derby. Louis van Gaal's side were trailing at half-time through Sergio Aguero's goal.


More than £ 12,700 spent in overtime payments to officers during search . Money also spent on accommodation , flights and parking . Followed parents ' decision to take him from Southampton General . He went on to have successful proton therapy treatment abroad .


Tammy Abraham scored twice against Manchester City on Monday . Dominic Solanke was also on target in the FA Youth Cup final first leg . The Chelsea duo have been in brilliant form so far this season . Both will be hoping to earn some playing time if Chelsea clinch the title . Solanke could be involved against Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .


The mom saw her son on TV throwing rocks at police , CNN affiliate reports . Police praise her actions .


Vince Cable, the Business Secretary, is a closet Labour politician. He says he has spent his whole political life fighting the Tories. But he wants to replace George Osborne as Chancellor.


Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison 's 18th century design . Clock was strapped to a pillar at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich . Time measured using a radio-controlled clock and the BT speaking clock . Certified by Guinness Book of Records , National Maritime Museum said .


Efan James was found face down and unresponsive the morning after Hannah James took him to bed. Coroner: 'The advice is that it is not wrong to share a bed with your baby - but you should refrain from doing so if you are 'excessively tired'


Festival also includes novelist Kate Mosse and explorer Ranulph Fiennes . Event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to idyllic venue in Wiltshire field . Lord Fellowes will discuss huge social change brought by First World War .


Researchers had previously believed continents connected 3m years ago . Deep water channel called Central American Seaway separated continents .


A student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey on Monday morning with a gun and fired twice at the ceiling . Brady Olson , a government teacher , tackled the teenager to the ground and kept him pinned on the floor until authorities came and arrested the boy . The unidentified shooter only transferred to the school a month ago . Students praised the popular teacher for his quick-thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .


the question was set as a maths problem for 14-year-olds in singapore . but it went viral after people across the world were left baffled . the problem has been shared thousands of times online .


117 migrants , mostly from sub-Saharan Africa , arrived in the port of Augusta , Sicily , around 1p . m. Tuesday . The group , which included 31 women , was composed mostly of Nigerians and Gambians . They were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend .


Harry Kane 's participation at Under 21 European Championship is in doubt . Tottenham have confirmed they will travel to Kuala Lumpur for friendly . Spurs will also face Sydney FC after taking on a Malaysia XI .


The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa . It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . Comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross . He said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the


Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out . Their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at Villa Park . The pair lived 10 minutes apart in Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire . QPR go to the home of Sherwood 's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three .


Scene portrays teenage ` victim ' testifying at the trial of his teacher . Is asked how long the relationship lasted by the attorney . The youngster responds by saying : ` Five glorious weeks m ` amm ' He points to the teacher , played by Cecily Strong , saying she looks ` fine ' Twitter users said the sketch was ` gross ' and a ` new low ' for the NBC show .


Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of WWII a defeat . Many now see themselves as the victims of Hitler and Nazi regime . Historians now exploring crimes by Allied forces and German suicides .


Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . The midfielder could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty . Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke .


Students who shared an iPad scored around 30 points higher on the test . Courtney Blackwell worked with 352 students in America for the research .


Ann Malsbury , 22 , also battered Lee Judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage . The chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in Coventry to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship . But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something , MALSbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him .


Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik scored for Napoli in the first half . Gabbiadini made it 4-0 just after coming on as a second-half substitute . Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts . Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League . Rafa Benitez 's side came into the game having lost just once in their last 26 matches


pilot reported hearing unusual banging . alaska airlines flight lands in seattle . ramp agent told authorities he fell asleep .


Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed . The unusual appeal is likely the pair 's last legal avenue to save them from firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid . The pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other


Cara Lee-Fanus died day after being rushed to hospital in Churtsey , Surrey . Medics found bruises all over her body and burn marks on head , court told . Mother Kirsty Lee and Lee 's ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen appeared in court today . Jointly charged with causing or allowing death of a child and causing or allowing serious physical harm to a child .


a total of 215,462 licences exist in new south wales compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 . tamworth, 403km north of sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 . detective superintendent mick plotecki said the united state's popular national gun laws was likely to be driving the increase .


Steve Bruce has promised wife Janet to go on a diet and lose some weight . Hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal Alan Shearer . Bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .


popular chinese tv host bi fujian apologizes after being caught on camera cursing mao zedong . making disrespectful references to china's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china .


Bianca Gascoigne was walking in Marylebone when a gang appeared . Muggers took her mobile phone before fleeing the scene on bikes . The phone reportedly had private texts from her troubled father Paul . Bianca took to Twitter to brand her attackers ` lowlifes '


A young man has died after he was stabbed during a violent brawl . Greg Gibbins and his friends were at a Central Coast hotel on Sunday night . The 28-year-old was stabbed and killed outside a pizza store on Monday . His 25-year-old friend was also attacked when he tried to help Mr Gibbins . He remains in a serious condition and is expected to undergo surgery . The offender fled the scene and police have n't found a weapon . Investigations are continuing and police are appealing for any witnesses .


ander herrera and juan mata took some time off on wednesday . the pair have both bagged braces in manchester united's last two wins . mata scored twice in united's 2-1 win against liverpool in may . herrera scored a brace against aston villa on saturday .


Some complained about the film 's depiction of the Iraq War . A petition asked the university not to show the Bradley Cooper film .


`` We have the power and ... today shows we have the numbers , '' says a protester . The Justice Department is looking into whether a civil rights violation occurred . Autopsy results on Gray show that he died from a severe injury to his spinal cord .


tim bresnan last played for england whites during the 5-0 ashes whitewash . yorkshire are defending their county championship title . bresnan is keen to give england selectors no choice but to pick him .


West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America , China and Australia . Some of the parties have already had a tour of the club 's training facilities . Peace owns 77 per cent of the Premier League club and is looking to sell the club for between £ 150m and £ 200m .


transport workers' union national secretary tony sheldon condemned request . accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom to workers . said supermarket chain was trying to 'turn clocks back' on modern society .


New Line Cinema is reportedly planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie . Carey was queen of the '90s , and that decade is totally hot now .


Sol Campbell , 40 , is selling a multi-million pound property in Chelsea . The former Arsenal and Tottenham defender is also selling a # 20million London townhouse to a company owned by himself . The luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for # 6.75 million . Campbell bought it in 2011 for # 4.25 million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at estate agents ` in


Preston Wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , Sarah Owen , 21 , with a knife . Wright then turned the weapon on himself inside the home in Norman . Officers were met by a boy , thought to be Wright 's brother , at the house . He said Owen had been cleaning out the garage when she got into a fight with Wright . Eyewitnesses first saw the couple arguing outside of the home . Police found the couple dead inside the house with severe stab wounds .


Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas showed his softer side by comforting a young fan who was hit by a wayward shot during his side's emphatic 9-1 win over Granada. Casillas handed the supporter his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval after previously making sure the injured fan was OK. The veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident before going over to see the spectator at the break.


Danielle Busby delivered all five girls via C-section . The parents are now a family of eight . The babies are named Ava Lane , Hazel Grace , Olivia Marie , Parker Kate and Riley Paige .


400 Zimbabweans fled Durban on buses to escape the xenophobic protests . Among thousands of African immigrants who have fled home amid attacks . Zulu King denies sparking hatred saying his remarks were ` misrepresented '


Marvin `` Papi Gallo '' Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones ' black and red shorts . Jones said he was listening to music before the fight on Friday and put his phone in his shorts but forgot to take it out . He believes the mishap cost him the fight .


Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday . The Congolese centre was an eight-time NBA All-Star . He was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons . He played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11,729 points , 12,359 rebounds , and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons spent


Officer Michael Slager fired eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with North Charleston police. Craig Futterman: I'm haunted by the video of Slager firing eight shots at Scott. Futterman: If not for the video, Slager would probably still be alive.


Bikram Choudhury pioneered ` Bikram yoga ' - practicing yoga in a room heated to 105F - and has a huge following , including celebrities . He has been accused of unwanted sexual advances in six civil lawsuits . Speaking out about the accusations for the first time , he has denied ever assaulting the women and said he feels sorry for them . He became emotional when asked how his wife of 30 years has reacted to the claims , saying : ` She never looks at me anymore '


Sam Tomkins is to cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors . The 26-year-old will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016 . Tomkins rejected an offer from Warrington in order to return to Wigan .


The Randolph Hotel in Oxford went up in flames this afternoon , with smoke billowing from the roof . Five-star hotel , run by Macdonald chain , includes the Morse Bar , named after being used as a setting for many scenes of Inspector Morse . The fire 's cause is not known and the extent of the damage to the Grade II listed building remains unclear . A total


Students at Wellington College , in Berkshire , spent a year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam . The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text . Sources close to the school said students were left devastated by the blunder .


Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini . The Uruguay striker admitted the truth 10 days later . His wife Sofia says he told her he did n't bite the defender . The Barcelona star signed a # 75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .


WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . Footage was released along with other key pieces of evidence . Video played in court shows truck pulling up to driveway of burger stand . His pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over Sloan 's leg . The vehicle is then seen plowing over Carter , killing him . Other pieces of evidence included an hour-long interview with Cle ` Bone ' Sloan , who survived being run over by the Death Row Records co-founder . A number of images taken immediately after his arrest were also released . Close-ups of his face were intended to show injuries he sustained after being punched by Sloan .


Flashing tanned shoulders and pretty decolletage is a red carpet staple . But it 's not always the easiest look to pull off for those with larger chests . Claire Cisotti and her 34G curves have put six strapless dresses to the test .


Chelsea captain John Terry led Jose Mourinho 's side to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal . Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League . Terry has been almost as influential as Eden Hazard , says Terry . Chelsea need just six points to claim their first Premier League title since 2010 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .


brett mcgurk said isis is a problem that is "off the charts historically" mcgurk said the united states and its allies are in "uncharted territory"


Sherrilyn Ifill : Police violence against unarmed African-Americans is a national crisis . U.S. policing needs dramatic overhaul , she says .


It looked at acetaminophen -LRB- paracetamol -RRB- , the main ingredient in Tylenol . Eighty one people were asked to look at happy , sad and neutral images . Those who took the drug had less extreme emotions towards the photos . People who took pain reliever did n't know they were reacting differently .


Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil was given an Apple Watch on Thursday . The Apple Watch will be officially released for sale on Friday . Ozil is expected to start for Arsenal in their clash vs Chelsea on Sunday . READ : Arsenal fans call for removal of Emirates Cesc Fabregas flag . READ : Arsenal to wear blue and yellow away strip for FA Cup final .


Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom `` Everybody Loves Raymond '' He was weeks away from his 20th birthday . `` This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , '' Madylin Sweeten says .


British officers were forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression. Britain has not inspected Russian since 2010, however Russia is still obliged to accept inspections twice a year from other countries.


WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Davy McGregor posted the gruesome ear injury on his Twitter page . The Heriot 's Racing Club hooker had been playing against the Barbarians .


Jordan Henderson wants a new # 100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool . The vice-captain is yet to sign an extension at Anfield . Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week . Sportsmail understands an offer worth # 5.2 million per year will be enough . Henderson is expected to be appointed Anfield captain once Steven Gerrard leaves .


Louise Henderson Alakil , 49 , moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago . She worked as a teacher at the International School in Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , Miriam , 11 , and Ayesha , nine . Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country , but Mrs Henderson and her children 's passports have expired and the UK authorities in Yemen are closed .


5,500 signatures call for Jedi temple after similar petition asked for campus mosque . Petition started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir .


Loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos . The couple created the embryos while they were engaged .


Nicola Sturgeon said the rising retirement age is unfair for pensioners. She said the flat rate pension should increase to 'at least' £160 a week. She said the SNP's plans to increase the state pension age are a 'frightening prospect'


shrine at dusseldorf airport reveals first photograph of patrick sondheimer . hero pilot tried to break down cockpit door to stop andreas lubitz crashing . lubitz, 27, had been plotting the disaster online under the name skydevil . mr sondheimer spent up to five minutes trying to break down cockpit door . he was killed in the crash which killed all 144 passengers and five crew .


Middlesbrough started the day top of the Championship on 75 points . Troy Deeney opened the score before Odion Ighalo 's brilliant strike . Watford end the day in third place after Bournemouth and Norwich win .


Darren Cole has been a key member of the Scottish Championship club since signing a short-term deal in February. The midfielder was found dead last Sunday in Miami with a head injury. He was on holiday in Florida when he was found on a pavement with a head injury.


Writer Stewart Brand says warnings that the world is facing a new mass extinction may lead to a fatalistic attitude that will do more harm than good . Instead he points to the recovery of species due to conservation efforts . He believes climate change is unlikely to have the feared impact on wildlife . He argues that more new species are being discovered than are being lost .


The Juventus starting line-up which faced Monaco had average age of 30 years and 64days . Juventus have one step in Champions League semi-finals after 1-0 win . Inter Milan hold record for oldest side to play in Europe 's elite competition . Portsmouth fielded most experienced XI to play in the Premier League .


Sydney 's ` Healthy Cook ' Dan Churchill , 25 , stars on Good Morning America . Former MasterChef contestant has released ` Dude Food ' cook book in US . Churchill appeared on Good Morning America alongside Blake Lively . The surfer-turned-chef paid homage to Aussie roots with cheeky slang .


Terry Richardson is one of the most famous and controversial photographers in the fashion industry. Known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him. This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.


Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-finals . Pep Guardiola has just 16 fit players to pick from on Wednesday night . Bastian Schweinsteiger , Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery all ruled out . Guardiola believes Jerome Boateng is one of the world 's best defenders .


32-year-old , known as SAKA , claimed he fled to Britain to escape Taliban . He admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops but claimed he only joined group over safety fears . Afghan , whose identity is secret , had initial claim rejected by Theresa May . But immigration judges now say SAKA can stay under human rights laws .


The New Jersey parents are divorced and share custody of their three kids . Father claimed his ex ` abused her parental discretion ' by taking daughter to see Pink in December 2013 in Newark . Judge ruled that while the singer can be suggestive , her works are not inappropriate for a preteen .


Michel Vorm 's Tottenham chances have been few since Swansea transfer . But Vorm is set to cover for injured Hugo Lloris against Burnley . Manager Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm 's attitude and character .


massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory . aaron hernandez and dzhokhar tsarnaev's lengthy trials are coming to a close .


The RHS has warned about the ` grey sprawl ' with front gardens paved over . Around 7million grassy front gardens have been replaced with paving . RHS is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs and climbers to go green . Claims seeing a green front garden boosts mood for 95 per cent of people .


Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had prepared specific tactics for dealing with the threat of Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini . However , ahead of the game at Stamford Bridge , Mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that Fellaini would not be playing . The doorman had seen who he had thought was Fellaini pick up some tickets from Chelsea forward Eden Hazard . A Google images search revealed that person to be Fellaini 's twin brother . Fellaini did play against Chelsea but was dealt with by Kurt Zouma .


Sam Tomkins has been homesick after moving to New Zealand . He joined Warriors after leaving Wigan who are interested in signing him . Tomkins had been contracted until the end of the 2016 season . He said he missed home in ways he never thought he would .


Women competed on same course as men and on same day for first time . The women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley . Oxford University women 's rowing team beat Cambridge on historic day . And male colleagues won for the third time running in the 161st race .


dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with barcelona . the brazilian right-back will leave the nou camp this summer . alves has been linked with manchester united and manchester city .


Steven Finn believes he's returned to his best form and is ready to push for an England place. Finn has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up. Finn admits he's 'had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months' He's had a good run of cricket since he was drafted by the ECB in 2011.


armed assailants storm attorney general's office in balkh province, afghanistan . three people were killed and five others were wounded .


kristina karo is suing mila kunis for $5,000 for 'stealing' her chicken as a child . karo claims she suffered emotional trauma when kunis stole her pet foul . kunis responded to the lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video . the actress and her fiance ashton kutcher claim they will counter-sue for injuries sustained while forced to watch karo's music video .


The family of Stephanie Scott 's accused killer have offered their condolences . Vincent Stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering Ms Scott , 26 , on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland . Mr Stanford 's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday , revealing her grief and horror at the situation . A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place in Eugowra in NSW 's central west , at the venue where her wedding was to be held .


Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight . The two-time Olympic medallist dropped his opponent in the first round en route to claiming a 49-45 victory on two of the judges ' cards . Barnes delivered in style , extending his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol .


frida ghitis: manny pacquiao-floyd mayweather fight won't "save" boxing . ghitis: boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday .


Kyli Wilfson , now 29 , was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis when she woke up in excruciating stomach pain in October 2012 . The condition left her unable to eat for a year and a half , and her weight dropped from 110 lbs to 80 lbs . She had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals . After finding a support group on Facebook , she found a way to eat by having her pancreas removed and transplanted into her liver .


ashley young moved to manchester united in june 2011 from aston villa . 29-year-old admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club . young feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal .


Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night . Carlo Ancelotti 's side will be without striker Karim Benzema with a sprain to the medial collateral ligament of his right knee . Gareth Bale , Luka Modric and Marcelo are out through suspension . Cristiano Ronaldo , Isco , Nacho and Dani Carvajal all took part in training ahead of Wednesday 's clash .


david cameron pledges to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers . project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme . properties would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value .


New range of suncreams claim to stop damage from infra-red A rays too . Some even say they protect the skin from the inside , but what 's the truth ? Consultant dermatologist Bav Shergill offers his expert verdict .


The 25sq / m diorama was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle 's bicentenary . Despite the enormous scale of the diorama , the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wounded in the battle-and less than 10 per cent of the total number who


Robert Dellinger , 54 , was sentenced in court on Thursday . Amanda Murphy , 24 , and Jason Timmons , 29 , were killed instantly in the crash in Lebanon , New Hampshire in December 2013 . Investigators said Dellinger was depressed and drove his SUV head-on into the couple 's car on purpose . Murphy was eight months pregnant with their first child , a girl . Dellinger was given credit for the 15 months he has already spent in jail . He could could be out of prison in less than eight years .


Sid Ahmed Ghlam , 24 , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest . Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home . Also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria ` who ' clearly asked him to target a church ` Arrest comes hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain , 33 . The mother


Smita Srivastava currently holds record for longest hair in India . Her hair was measured at 6ft -LRB- 1.8 m -RRB- in the Limca Book of Records . It now stands at 7ft -LRB- 2.1 m -RRB- and has made her a local celebrity . Smita has long way to go before she knocks current holder off her perch .


Incident took place in Olani village , four kilometres from Manpur , in central India . Watched on by a crowd of bystanders , the ward beats the leopard twice on the head as it tries to slash him with its claws . Despite being injured on the floor and unable to move , the courageous ward continued to fend off the animal .


Documents show that officers thought Robert Bates got special treatment . The reserve deputy has pleaded not guilty to charge of second-degree manslaughter . Bates says meant to use his Taser but shot Eric Harris by mistake .


CNN team finds a man at `` unofficial '' displaced camp willing to provide children to be `` fostered '' He says he ca n't take money for them , but eventually demands $ 500 for two girls .


Boeing 787-8 was bound for Cancun after leaving London Gatwick . Pilot made decision to divert to Bermuda due to ` disruptive passengers . Police confirm two men removed from plane and taken into custody .


fbi released images of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe into a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' they said one picture features the unidentified man posing with her . john doe 29, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse . the fbi has released a poster and blog appealing for any information about the man .


Leah O'Brien , 33 , was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance . Driving the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19-year-old Ramiro Pedemonte . The teen was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide , reckless driving , and serious injury by motor vehicle .


The U.S. Court of Appeals has rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated free speech rights . The band say they chose their name as a way to reclaim the disparaging term . Ruling could have implications for whether the National Football League 's Washington Redskins should lose its trademarks .


Kseniya Soukeras wants to name her unborn child Michael. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon. Kseniya found the name Spyridon 'archaic, base, bereft of elegance and unsuitable for a child living in 21st century America'


Tony McCoy announced his retirement in February . The Northern Irishman has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland . McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier . The 20-times champion jockey won the Jockey 's Championship for the 20th time on Saturday .


Anjelica ` AJ ' Hadsell , 18 , has been missing since March 2 . Residents reported plumbing van driving suspiciously near the pond . Stepfather Wesley Hadsell , 36 , was taken into custody late last month after allegedly breaking into a home and finding her jacket . He is still in custody after judge said he tried to impede investigation .


joseph mcenroe, 36, from carnation, washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 . the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . mcenroe told the court on thursday he 'thought' he had to kill wayne anderson, 60, and judy anderson, 61; their son and daughter


New York Daily News claimed family asked him to stay away to avoid ` circus ' But Sharpton said there was ` never a discussion ' about him attending funeral . He also announced that he will head to North Charleston , South Carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on Sunday , the day after the funeral . Walter Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager on April 4 .


uefa have increased the champions league money for next three years . the last time celtic reached the group stage they earned £12.6m . if they reach the last 16 they will earn £20m - and that's before ticket sales . celtic manager ronny deila says it's not all about the money .


U.S. Navy moves aircraft carrier , cruiser to waters near Yemen . U.S. , allied ships prepared to intercept Iranian vessel if they enter Yemen 's waters . Iranian admiral says his country 's ships operating legally .


Major Steve Thompson with the Alabama Department of Public Safety 's Marine Patrol Division said a second person was found dead on Sunday . On Saturday the first body was found in Alabama waters following storm . Authorities said crews are still searching for five people . Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker said ten vessels were capsized and three of those were with the regatta . The identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .


Sheriff 's spokeswoman : Ebony Dickens is out of jail after posting $ 10,000 bond . Police : Authorities found a firearm , three computers in her East Point residence . Dickens is accused of posting her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan .


Parents wanted for questioning after girl 's body found at home . North Las Vegas police : 3-year-old had been dead for at least a few weeks . 17-year-old sibling is held in case .


Clarkson was due to host satirical news show at the end of this month . Would have been first BBC appearance since dismissal from Top Gear . However producers today confirmed he has withdrawn from show .


Alex Perry wo n't be presenting at this year 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week . This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades . Perry is now devoting his time to international enterprises with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market .


Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season . The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side . He has penned a two-year deal with Alan Solomons ' side .


The John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award goes to a college student and a former congressman . One of them will receive the award for breaking with his party to support climate change . The students believe the U.S. must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities .


West Ham boss Sam Allardyce claims no club has offered for Cresswell. The left back has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season. Cresswell, 25, has scored twice for the Hammers this season.


Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England 's Test squad . The Middlesex seamer admitted he finds it ` baffling ' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark . Finn was one of the few pluses of England 's dismal World Cup run .


Eight men were arrested in Minnesota and San Diego Sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation. A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego. Three men who were arrested in Minneapolis were already known to authorities.


Ivan Milat , Australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . Channel Seven 's Sunday Night will tell the story of Milat 's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution . The revelation includes first-hand evidence from his older brother , Boris , into the killer 's ` secret victim ' ` Do n't hold yourself responsible , '


Kevin Pietersen made 170 runs of 149 balls for Surrey in Oxford on Sunday . Alec Stewart says the batsman can make it difficult for England selectors . Pietersen believes Paul Downton 's departure has given him a ` lifeline ' England started the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua on Monday .


Ian Wright will present AP McCoy 's final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown . Thierry Henry was asked to present the award but Sky did not allow it . McCoy is a huge Arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game .


Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather meed at MGM Grand on May 2 . American 's sparring partner Jeremy Nichols impersonated the Filipino during a mock interview shared on YouTube . ' J Flash ' made fun of Pacquiao 's accent , singing , faith and claims his mother uses Voodoo chants to help her son . Mayweather vs Pacquiao : The ultimate tale of the tape for $ 300m fight . Mayweather-Pacquiao is 11 days away ... why are there no tickets on sale ?


Siyanda Ngwenya accused of attacking the woman while she was asleep . He ` boasted to housemates they had sex after night of drunken partying ' Woman reportedly shocked by claims and said she did not consent to sex . Fans of the show have questioned the woman 's claims that she was raped .


Arsene Wenger is a great admirer of Raheem Sterling , while both he and Theo Walcott are struggling to negotiate new deals . Sterling has scored more goals and provided more assists this season . Walcott is an example of unrealised potential that Sterling must avoid .


lorient beat marseille 5-3 at the stade velodrome in ligue 1 . jordan ayew and francois bellugou scored for breton side . andre ayew and francois bellugou also scored for lorient . lorient have now climbed out of the ligue 1 relegation zone .


Harry Davies-Carr is now 11, whilst his younger brother Charlie is now nine. The boys, from Buckinghamshire, have given an interview to children's TV programme Newsround. The YouTube pioneers said the video was originally filmed for the family to send to the brothers' godfather who lives in America.


Sofia Vergara's lawyer said Friday that she has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex Nick Loeb in November 2013. But she's not planning on using them either, the attorney said in the statement. It's been reported that Loeb wants to use the embryos to have a child.


Kim , 27 , looked chic in a big hat and off-the-shoulder dress in Miami . Watched Andy Murray play against Kevin Anderson in fourth round match . Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 .


Alison Sharland , 47 , agreed # 10.35 m settlement with ex-husband Charles , 54 . She agreed to give up her claim to equal share in husband 's software company . But husband Charlie had lied about value of his share in AppSense . Court of Appeal found he lied to court but refused to overturn settlement .


director gareth edwards showed a teaser for "star wars: rogue one" felicity jones will play a rebel soldier . the movie will take place between "episode iii: revenge of the sith" and "episode iv: a new hope"


three men arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence . all aged in their 50s and from the york area, they were arrested this morning . the body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found . officers have launched fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days .


Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series. The actor Ben Affleck's concern was that the segment would have aired his family's dirty laundry. Gates missed an opportunity to show courage to stay in an uncomfortable place.


Inverness defender Josh Meekings blocked a goal-bound shot from Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths with his hand during the Scottish Cup semi-final . No penalty or red card was given for the offence and Celtic lost 3-2 . Celtic have complained in writing to the SFA following the incident . Former striker Chris Sutton feels more should be done to hold officials to account over poor decisions .


Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the U.S. . designated as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 . It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . It has been blamed for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , peacekeepers . The group 's predecessor was al-Ittihad al-Islami -LRB- AIAI -RRB- , which worked to


Danny Welbeck faces fitness test for Arsenal following England duty . Gunners are without Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain due to hamstring complaint . Daniel Sturridge & Adam Lallana may be fit after pulling out England squad . Dejan Lovren set to replace suspended Martin Skrtel in defence . Steven Gerrard also ruled out following red card vsManchester United .


Ian Poulter dressed all in purple for the final round at Augusta . The Englishman finished tied for sixth on nine under par . Prize money for this year 's Masters was $ 10m , a 10 per cent increase . Phil Mickelson dressed all in black for his pursuit of a fourth green jacket . Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods paired for final major round for first time .


Ed Miliband is pressing on with his plans to cap rent above rate of inflation . Housing experts , business and Labour figures have warned it will backfire . Generation Rent campaign said Miliband 's plan is ` riddled with loopholes ' Tories said ` drivel ' proposal would suppress house building and push up rents .


Jenna Marotta , 27 , suffered from dermatillomania , a psychosomatic disorder that caused her to obsessively pick at the skin on her face . The New York-based writer said she used to spend up to four hours a day squeezing her skin in front of the bathroom mirror . She developed the condition while trying to battle binge-eating addiction . Has now managed to overcome it - but sees psychiatrist ` to stay on track '


Entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat posed as a homeless man in Los Angeles . Most people responded to his offer of a $ 10 bill angrily , cursing at him , giving him the finger and calling him names . One man brags about his black card and points to his Mercedes Benz , telling the seemingly homeless man he needs to ` earn his way up ' Only two people in the video actually stop and offer Erakat money instead .


boy, 12, fell down an eight-foot drain in peterborough, cambridgeshire . rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on monday afternoon . firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy .


Cody Neatis has Down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube . He was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection . But instead of a bed in the children 's ward , he has had to sleep on the floor . The hospital does not have the specialist high-sided cot he must sleep in . His mother , Lynne , 48 , has slept with Cody on the mattress for the past week .


Harry Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season , netting 30 goals for the club while also scoring on his senior England debut . FA chairman Greg Dyke has revealed that Kane wants to play for England 's Under 21s side at the European Championships this summer . However , Tottenham are concerned about the striker overplaying .


The 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for # 80,000 . It shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space . Ed White became the first US astronaut to perform a spacewalk on 3 June 1965 . He spent 20 minutes in space , and said coming back in was ` the


Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday . Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored the goals for the Dutch . Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental , second-string team . Spain are second in qualifying for Euro 2016 in France .


Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , designed new app Bump 2 Breast . Came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , Lola , now three months . Says her and husband David felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first . Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .


CCTV camera captured a man in a hoodie dragging woman 's limp body from car parked at 131st Street and Jamaica Avenue in Queens Saturday . Woman was left slumped on the sidewalk for 20 minutes until paramedics arrived and took her to a hospital . She was placed on a ventilator and remains in critical but stable condition with leg injuries .


Tottenham full-back Kyle Walker sustained a foot injury against Burnley . Early fears that the foot was broken were allayed following scans . However , England international faces another four weeks out .


Collector says he bought the outfit as it was about to be thrown away . Vivien Leigh wore it in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .


Ambulance crews in London had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning. At peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour. London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour.


The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer collection for Target sold out online and in stores almost immediately early Sunday morning . Pieces from the diffusion line have now popped up on eBay , where they are being re-sold for ten times the retail price . Some shoppers have complained that scalpers are ruining the fun for ` true ' Lilly Pulitzer fans .


Ashley Young 's brother Lewis plays for Crawley Town as an attacker . The Manchester United man went to watch him play against Oldham . Crawley are battling to get out of the relegation zone in League One .


The giant mansion used to film the hit show Empire is on the market for $ 13 million following a price drop . The 20,000 square feet French Country-style estate took five years to build . The five bedroom , nine bathroom house features waterfront views , custom woodwork and lots of space for entertaining . Fit for a mogul , the house is owned by strip club owner Sam Cecola .


Hillary Clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics . Republicans hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by identity politics . The emphasis on women as a possible campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy .


Duke-led study says global warming has n't happened as fast as expected . Claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates . ` Climate wiggles ' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade , and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations . If not properly explained


Gov . Mary Fallin signs a bill allowing executions with nitrogen gas . Nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen . CNN affiliate KFOR says it 's never been used in an execution in the United States .


Chief executive George Whitesides says new spacecraft is nearly ready . He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014 . Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured .


Jon Reiter , a contractor from Kenwood , California , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit . He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured , but one doctor told him : ` Do n't worry , you are just comforting these people . Most of them are not going to survive ' He said he was forced to zip


Strung out on heroin , Anthony Sideri robbed a bank . He had to go through withdrawal in a jail cell . Overcoming addiction is possible , he says , as he 's building a new life as a family man .


The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it . Treatments available mean HIV is now a manageable disease .


O'Malley using YouTube to test out attack lines . How Clinton 's new hire could help keep the Obama coalition together . Republican concerns about the new 2016 primary calendar .


Warner Bros slammed by novelist for dropping the deal in 2012 . Sony has announced deal to release movies and TV series . The Dark Tower is an 8-part novel series written between 1970 and 2012 . Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe rumored to be interested in the lead .


The case of Shona Banda , 37 , was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney 's office for a decision about charges . Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . ` I will , I will get him and I am not going to stop until I do , ' Banda said . The divorced


Wojciech Szczesny has watched on from the sidelines in recent months . Form of David Ospina has lifted Arsenal to second in the Premier League . Seaman gives Poland keeper confidence boost ahead of FA Cup semi-final . READ : Alexis Sanchez would grace the great Arsenal teams .


West Coast Railways services suspended after train failed to stop at signal . 100mph collision with steam train missed by barely a minute . WCR must take steps to address Network Rail 's concerns . The company owns the Hogwarts Express now at Warner Bros Studios .


Tom Richards was arrested in Swansea over allegedly assaulting actress . He was released after being held for 11 hours pending further inquiries . Westbrook previously accused him of physically assaulting her on Twitter . The 25-year-old cage fighter has strenuously denied the allegations .


bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on monday . a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodo’s decision to deny them clemency . the unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad .


Esa 's Rosetta spacecraft temporarily lost contact with Earth . The problem occurred when flying just nine miles above comet 67P . Comet debris caused the probe to lose track of its position in space . But after a nervy 24 hours , engineers successfully made contact again .


Sarah Fox , 27 , and her mother Bernadette , 57 , were found dead in Bootle . Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . Police are hunting for Peter Fox , 26 , who is believed to have fled to London . He is described as white , between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short , dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes .


Andras Janos Vass , 25 , found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering . He lured men to America with promises of easy work and high wages . He then took their travel documents , threatened their families , and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work .


Deborah Kane , from Manchester , had her right eye removed three years ago . It was a life-saving operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . The 46-year-old believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 . She also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection .


Lucas Akins scored twice as Burton Albion were promoted to League One . Morecambe victory secured Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink 's side promotion . Hasselbaink says the season is n't over , despite already being up .


Workers aged 18-25 saw wages rise eight times faster than over 50s . In three months , 5.4 % of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs , 1.2 % aged 50-64 . ONS says young have ` willingness to move to higher-paying positions '


Douglas Murphy scraped his leg on a bin bag while clearing up after party . 47-year-old father-of-two suffered a cut so small it was barely visible . It became infected , triggering the rare condition necrotizing faciitis . Surgeons were preparing to amputate when antibiotics began to work .


Hafeez Bhatti , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , 26 , were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday . Stacey Eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as ` ISIS terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is ` definitely ' under way into Wednesday 's incident .


A Qantas jet bound for Perth has been forced to return to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air . The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon .


Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad to make a toast at her wedding . Instead of a speech , he wrote a song poking fun at the burdens of marriage . The Perth man 's musical toast had the wedding guests in stitches .


Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe. The 26-year-old British backpacker has only once tried to adhere to a regular nine-to-five desk job. Instead, Mr Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker.


Evanika Saadvakass , from Kazakhstan , became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . The video was viewed around three million times . Two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .


Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate in Kolkata . The 20-year-old was playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match . Sachin Tendulkar has paid tribute to ` promising ' cricketer .


Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. Fulham are considering a move for Arsenal's Bakary Sako. Arsenal are also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako.


Farage was expected to attack the government over defence spending. But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. Ukip leader has seen support for his party drop from 16.75% in November to 12.25% in just six months.


The UK general election is just over two weeks away . Political parties and retailers selling political merchandise . Strange offerings include high viz jackets , decanters and birthday cards .


Manuscript showing the green tinged figure was drawn in around 1340 . It bears a striking resemblance to Yoda in the Star Wars films . British Library expert says it 's actually an illustration to tie in with the Biblical story of Samson , but it 's not known who the character represents .


Marcelo Bosch kicked penalty with last play of the game for victory . Saracens took a half-time lead of 6-5 despite Racing 's dominance . Penalties from Charlie Hodgson -LRB- two -RRB- and Alex Goode for Sarries . Racing 92 scrum-half Maxime Machenaud scored the game 's only try . Saracens will return to France to face Clermont Auvergne in the semi .


terminally ill fundraiser simon mitchell stole from donna's dream house . charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool, lancashire . mitchell, 44, pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at preston crown court . he stole laptop, sat nav and phone from the charity after a three year investigation .


Kevin Streelman beat Camilo Villegas on third play-off hole at Augusta . Tiger Woods played in the par-three contest for the first time since 2004 . Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters .


The five bedroom home, based in the same building where Ava Gardner spent her final years, has five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes. It is based in the high-end Ennismore Gardens, London where Gardner, who famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking.


Disabled cat , called Freeman , was mauled to death by two dogs . Two dogs pounced , dragging the terrified cat on to neighbour 's lawn . 90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour in Tarring , West Sussex . Woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off , leaving cat to die in agony .


Sampdoria have revived their interest in Mario Balotelli should he choose to take a pay cut. Eccentric club president Massimo Ferrero says the talented but frustrating 24-year-old has lost his desire for football and needs to go to Stadio Luigi Ferraris to re-discover himself. Liverpool have been willing to sell Balotelli since January but could find no takers after signing him for £16m.


tests of new drug oxaliplatin achieved almost complete remission in mice . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer .


Louis Jordan , 37 , was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast . He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket . But doubters have questioned how Jordan -- who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder -- seemed in such good shape .


I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! has taken a leap from the Australian jungle to a theme park just off the A320 in Chertsey. After six months of planning, on 27 March Thorpe Park launched.


Fabio Capello believes England would be much stronger with John Terry . Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand back in 2011 . The defender was stripped of the England captaincy by the FA . Former England boss Capello believes Terry should have kept his role .


Alice Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s. There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them. The ageless dancer was delighted.


Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group were identified as some of the worst performing companies by The 2015 Australian Fashion Report. The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.


British comedian travelled to Moscow to interview the whistleblower . Questions why the former CIA systems administrator leaked the files . Gets him to explain the security threat in the context of nude pictures . Describes Snowden as America 's most famous ` hero and/or traitor ' Snowden , at moments , is stunned into silence by the line of questioning .


The Greek government has proposed a new law which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence in the country . UEFA say that direct interference in football by government is not allowed . Greece have been threatened with suspension unless they rescind laws . The Greek government have refused to back down with the proposed law .


Brian Nicol , 32 from Glasgow , dived into a pool but failed to resurface . Frantic friends dragged him out of the water but he could not be revived . Group were partying around pool after night out in Marbella , says source . Early investigations show death was a ` tragic accident ' according to police .


Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona in a 2-0 win over Valencia . Luis Suarez opened the scoring after just 56 seconds at the Nou Camp . Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute but Claudio Bravo saved it . Messi added a second in stoppage time to seal the victory .


Some of Baltimore 's unrest may have been inspired by the `` Purge '' movies . Movies are about a dystopian America where all crime is temporarily legal .


Korean firm teased the watch with strapline ` Get ready for the next Gear ' Wearable with be the 7th-generation Samsung Gear wrist-worn device . Samsung made the announcement in a release about developer software . Motorola , Huawei and LG all have round watches , while Apple 's is square .


In 1928 , the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April . It was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented . It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans . But just before the dissolution of Parliament last week , Conservative Sir Greg Knight


More than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at General Electric 's Appliance Park in Louisville , Kentucky . There were no known injuries in the fire , which is thought to have started around 7 am Friday morning . A GE spokesman said that employees at the Louisville facility , which makes a range of appliances , had been evacuated and sent home . The cause of the fire is not yet known .


Amina Ali Qassim 's family sought shelter in a mosque before fleeing Yemen . Thousands like them are boarding boats to sail to Djibouti . Saudi Arabia has been pounding Yemen in a bid to defeat Houthi rebels .


Joao Teixeira will miss Brighton 's last three games of the season . The Portuguese starlet sustained broken leg in 0-0 draw with Huddersfield . Liverpool 's Teixeira joined Brighton on season-long loan deal in August .


A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree , university officials say . The student is no longer on campus and will face student conduct review . The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .


Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon . Tim Sherwood has told him such behaviour will not be tolerated at the club . Grealish has assured the Aston Villa manager ` it wo n't happen again ' The young winger inspired Aston Villa to victory over Liverpool on Sunday . Grealish seeks assurances from Roy Hodgson before playing for England .


Queensland man shocked delivery from 5 km away was sent interstate . Package was sent on a 2,000 km journey before arriving at the man 's door . ` There 's just no common sense , ' the man , Chris , says of delivery process . He suggested fines be introduced to help improve Australia Post 's service .


The thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a . m . Wednesday in Durham . The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity and Center for Multicultural Affairs . Duke University students took to social media sites to discuss the issue , with many believing it was racially motivated


Japan 's Kei Nishikori emerged triumphant from second-round encounter . He beat his Russian challenger in straight sets of 6-3 6-4 in Barcelona . Rafael Nadal 's first match will be against fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro .


Mr Miliband makes first appearance on the campaign trail in over 48 hours . Labour leader out campaigning in Bristol after going to ground over Easter . Cameron , Clegg , Farage and Sturgeon all campaigned over the weekend . The PM has today embarked on whirlwind tour of all four nations of the UK .


Researchers claimed antibiotics could be contributing to ` obesity epidemic ' Their large-scale study was published in the respected Pediatrics journal . It found one third of 10 to 11-year-olds in England are overweight or obese . Children who took antibiotics as babies were more likely to be overweight .


Enner Valencia back for West Ham United after toe injury . James Tomkins , Andy Carroll and Doneil Henry out for Hammers . Marc Wilson available for Stoke City despite having broken hand . Jon Walters is carrying a knee problem but is in contention .


Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United . The 17-year-old broke into Anderlecht 's first team and was highly-coveted . Sir Alex Ferguson tried to bring him to Old Trafford but the move did n't materialise .


A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday. The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.


Serena Williams struggled to beat Sara Errani during Fed Cup clash . World No 1 Williams eventually defeated Errani 4-6 7-6 -LRB- 3 -RRB- 6-3 . Williams lost doubles match alongside Alison Riske 6-0 6-3 .


jeremy clarkson today revealed he would 'miss' fronting top gear . the 54-year-old said he would 'miss being there' following his sacking . clarkson was dropped by the bbc in march after attacking a producer . he was found to have split the producer's lip and verbally abused him . former newsreader angela rippon said she would be keen to return to show .


Martha Pease : Hillary Clinton got her presidential bid launched by reframing who she is , what she 's about . She says Clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike Marco Rubio 's standard announcement .


Julian Assange 's father 's eccentric Newtown home sold for $ 1.42 million on Wednesday . The quirky haven is a short walk to parks , cafes on the buzzing strip of King Street in Sydney 's trendy inner west . It was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a Victorian villa next door . Set on 247sqm , it is a treasure-trove of original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by Shipton in the 1990s . The bathroom features free-standing bath complete with a rain shower and marble and mosaic mirror detailing .


Riff was developed in London and is available on Android and iOS . It lets you film a video and uploaded it to the app and Facebook . Friends then film their own clips and tag them onto the end of your video .


Maura Pally , acting CEO of the Clinton Foundation , said that the global philanthropy made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors . The fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a Russian state agency . Pally also described the foundation 's work with the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership


Carlo Ancelotti hails Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world . Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday . Italian boss admits facing Atletico is both an ` honour ' and a ` problem '


Chelsea Supporters Trust teamed up with Playfair Qatar to set up protest . Supporters invited to take part in protest photo aimed at improving rights of migrant construction workers building Qatar stadiums . Protest will be held at 3 pm out side Stamford Bridge ahead of Chelsea 's clash with Manchester United on Saturday evening .


Molly Hennessey-Fiske , Los Angeles Times reporter , received letter . Messages supposedly sent from Durst at Louisiana prison . Murder suspect discusses his time in LA and the problems of traffic . Durst blames ` politicos and business leaders ' for city 's lack of pro football . Lawyer says it looks like his client 's handwriting , but it is different from ` cadaver ' letter after murder of Susan Berman , of which Durst is accused .


Russia 's Euro 2016 qualifier with Montenegro on March 27 was abandoned . Russia No 1 Igor Akinfeev was hit by a flare in the opening minute . Game was later called off following a player brawl and more crowd trouble .


Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 for a single 12-hour shift. Figures were revealed following a Freedom of Information request. It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year.


Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings ` in detail ' The Mail 's revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry . Head of the Royal College of Nursing said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses .


Harley Renshaw has been given the all clear after battling cancer for a year . Disease was in his kidney and has spread to bones , neck and left lung . He underwent months of gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy . Made himself a superhero outfit to help him feel brave during treatment .


"orphan black" returns saturday, april 18 . "washington's spies" returns monday .


Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday . Millions of people were affected , including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways . The mysterious collapse of much of the country 's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories . Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections scheduled to take place in June .


twenty-two of the 50 dartmouth students interviewed on sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in benghazi, libya as a black mark on clinton's record . 'i think there was blood on her hands,' said freshman cameron poole, referring to clinton's handling of an islamist terror group's military-style assault that laid waste to a state department facility . clinton is in new hampshire this week for her first swing since declaring her candidacy .


Linsey starred in season 12 of the show , which was filmed in Chicago . She was kicked off in the second episode after getting into a fight with contestant Jada Cacchilli and a cameraman . No details or cause of death have been released . Jada tweeted a tribute to her former castmate , saying ` We may not have been friends BUT we shared an experience most will never have '


barcelona face psg in champions league quarter-final on wednesday . first leg of quarter-final will take place at the parc des princes on wednesday . barca defender adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game .


Marc Carn, 29, from Plymouth, vanished at Las Ramblas. He was drinking with friends near the Spanish city when he went missing. He was dropped 'miles away' from his accommodation by taxi driver.


Novelist , who died last year , had huge success with Adrian Mole books . The eight-book series sold more than eight million copies worldwide . She left the bulk of her estate to her second husband Colin Broadway .


Meghan Blalock is the Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear. The 29-year-old published a new article on her website detailing her battle with body image. She says she was teased for being fat when she was seven years old.


Liverpool have slipped to seven points behind Manchester City in the table. John Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on their shoulders. Newcastle have not added to their points tally of 35 since they beat Aston Villa on February 28.


Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds . Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to # 2.3 billion . Chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses , including packages of more than # 1million to 359 employees . Group chief executive Antony Jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to


Half of voters agree with Ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free HIV treatment. Farage caused controversy at the televised leaders' debate last week.


England departed for West Indies tour from Gatwick on Thursday . England will play two warm-up matches and three Tests in the Caribbean . Captain Alastair Cook and coach Peter Moores faced media at Gatwick . Both keen to avoid discussing Kevin Pietersen 's potential return .


Andy Lee defends the world title he won against Matt Korobov last year . The Irishman has had a renaissance working under Adam Booth . But Lee faces a tough challenge in unbeaten former champion Peter Quillin . Lee insists he is ready for whatever ` Kid Chocolate ' can throw at him .


Six infrared cameras around the jet give pilots a complete 360 degree view . Its price tag is millions over original budget due to development problems . State-of-the-art helmet allows pilot to share information with nearby F-35s . F-35 Lightning II one of the most complicated weapons systems ever built . Programmed with over 8 million lines of code , four times more than F-22 .


Chris Lane , 22 , from Melbourne , was gunned down on August 16 , 2013 . Family and friends broke down as they listened to an emergency call . They heard details about how two bystanders tried to resuscitate Mr Lane . His mother Donna , walked out of court in tears after graphic testimony . Chancey Luna has been charged with Lane 's murder . The trial is being held at Duncan District Court .


Maysak gained super typhoon status just a few days ago . It has since lost steam and is now classified as a tropical storm . It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph and gusts up to 90 mph . It 's expected to make landfall Sunday morning .


The Curious Canine Kitchen is a ` holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' First of its kind in Britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine . Menu devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson .


Northampton were 27-0 down at the break at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . Noa Nakaitaci , Wesley Fofana and Nick Abendanon went over for Clermont . Alex Waller scored a late try for the visitors on Saturday night .


England drew 1-1 with Italy in an international friendly in Turin on Tuesday . Their flight home after the game was delayed due to a technical problem . But the team arrived safely in Manchester on Wednesday lunchtime . Roy Hodgson 's players will now return to their clubs ahead of the weekend .


Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock 1-0 at Parkhead on Wednesday . Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick to move eight points clear with six games remaining . Ronny Deila said the striker 's desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI . Celtic could now win the title against rivals Aberdeen on May 10 . If both teams


England cricket star Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan. The 27, who has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies, made the announcement on Friday. He said: 'I'm happy to announce I'm the new brand ambassador of Pak Reds.


Kay Hafford was shot in the head after a confrontation with an angry driver . She survived the shooting on North Freeway in Houston and called 911 . Hafford has faced Dietrich Evans who was arrested on suspicion of attack .


Amedy Coulibaly stormed Jewish store before being shot dead by police . Hostages - including child , 3 , and baby - survived by hiding in cold store . Lawyer claims broadcasters endangered their lives by revealing location . He said jihadist was following coverage of his raid on different channels .


a porsche cayman speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada . the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median . 'just cause you have a nice car doesn't make you a good driver. don't let your son drive your porsche!' wrote youtube user richard stewart about the crash .


Pope 's sedentary lifestyle said to be aggravating nerve condition . Francis is said to have piled weight on since taking papacy . He has suggested he does not expect to live to a very old age .


More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie . Some students believed the movie 's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East . Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle . Kyle was fatally shot at a Texas shooting range in 2013 .


Stephanie Scott , 26 , was last seen at Leeton , west of Sydney , last Sunday . High school teacher is due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday . Police have grave concerns as her disappearance is ` out of character ' Ms Scott could be travelling in a Mazda 3 sedan with registration BZ-19-CD .


Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino is in no doubt Michel Vorm has the strength of character to put his Capital One Cup final disappointment behind him and again prove an able deputy for Hugo Lloris at Burnley on Sunday. Vorm will stand in at Turf Moor.


Young adult novels regularly feature teen heroines saving the world . Books like The Hunger Games and Divergent show unrealistic portrayals . Adolescents have used hashtag to voice frustrations about real teenage life .


The Queen recorded their favourite childhood songs in August 1990 . Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace for the taping . He said The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded each song in one take . Unfortunately , the unique tape was lost after the Queen Mother 's death .


Australian MP Andrew Robb battled depression for 43 years . He appeared on ABC 's Q & A and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach . Mr Robb said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun . He also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood . Labor MP Anna Burke


sam reese appeared on channel 4's first dates reality match-making show . he asked his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself . his actions sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter . 'i couldn’t believe some of the reactions from people on twitter,' he said .


Scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory in Newport , Oregon , recorded underwater volcanoes . The bubbling lava erupting from the volcanic vent Hades produced a distinctive acoustic signature . Instead of the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land , undersea volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead . Using their unique sound signature , researchers will be able to detect


Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy . Capello was in charge when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand , the brother of then England teammate Rio , during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011 . Terry was cleared in court of abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA .


Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children . As she became heavier she worried her husband would not see her as the ` sexy ' woman he married . Before her weight loss she was limited to a size 28 figure-hiding garments . She turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape . The housewife 's diet consisted


Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at New York City's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from Gracie Mansion will begin this month. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family.


wooden deckchair was salvaged from the wreck of the titanic in 1912 . it was kept by a british collector at his home on the south coast . auctioneers expect it to sell for £100,000 at devizes, wiltshire .


Alice Kovich-Suehn , 53 , charged with elderly neglect . Elderly man in Kovich-Suehn 's care was brought to Florida hospital weighing only 89 lbs . The 96-year-old victim said Kovich-Suehn , his legal caretaker who has power-of-attorney , has been starving him . When offered food , police said the skin-and-bones senior ` ate like a starving dog '


Judge Judy and her husband Jerry Sheindlin were particularly playful at the Women 's Guild Cedars-Sinai luncheon where she was the honoree . The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years . She reportedly earns $ 47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television .


jack rowe was found face down in family pool in upavon, wiltshire . toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard . coroner recorded accidental death and called for mandatory fencing .


Noeleen Foster snapped an image of a phallic cloud at work last Friday . The mother-of-four took the pic in Zuccolli , 25 km southeast of Darwin . Last year another suggestively shaped cloud made waves in England .


homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement raided properties associated with 239 crime syndicates over a six-week period . at least 913 people have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault . as they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink .


Dame Maggie Smith 's character may appear in American period drama . The Guilded Age was by Julian Fellowes and is based in New York . There may also be a plot for American-born Cora in the U.S. show .


1.9 million foreigners are likely to be in the country at any one time in 2015 . This includes students , tourists and workers on short term visas . While permanent migrants is likely to exceed record of 185,000 set in 1969 . The current visa figures compare to those in the aftermath of World War II .


British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks they have had carried across the Turkish border into Syria. Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq. But the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed.


In an interview with The New York Times , President Obama says he understands Israel feels particularly vulnerable . Obama calls the nuclear deal with Iran a `` once-in-a-lifetime opportunity '' Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and many U.S. Republicans warn that Iran can not be trusted .


Prince Andrew will not face court action in the US over claims he had sex with an under-age girl . Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Jeffrey Epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender . But Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims should be ` struck from the record ' Judge said the ` lurid ' and ` unnecessary ' claims should not be involved in


Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona . PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home last week as Luis Suarez scored twice . Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti will be available for PSG .


PC Luke Stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma . He has been left paralysed after breaking his neck on holiday in Portugal . His father said he may be permanently disabled after ` horrendous ' accident . Colleagues at Sussex Police have rallied together to raise more than £ 8,030 .


Australians buy 54mil hot cross buns & 2,900 tonnes of chocolate at Easter . Seafood sales rise by 80 per cent over the Easter weekend . Drinks expert advises on the best wines to match your favourite seasonal foods , from chocolate to seafood .


European eagle-owl caught on camera perched on birdwatcher 's head . Large bird has been terrorising Dutch town of Noordeinde for months . Twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch sighting of bird .


Tony Pulis has never finished in the top half of the Premier League . The 57-year-old 's overall record is one of the worst of any long-serving Premier League manager . West Brom 's home defeats against QPR and Leicester City have left them stuck on 33 points . But why has he never finished higher than 11th , achieved in 2009 / 10 with Stoke and 20013 / 14


Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet , 24 , and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian , 18 , used a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island . Both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate 's Court on Friday . They were each fined $ 4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines .


Hassan Rouhani also urged world powers to fulfil their part of agreement . Iranians celebrated breakthrough deal that promises to end sanctions . David Cameron said : ` I believe this is a great deal and a strong deal ' Aims to stop Iran making a nuclear weapon in return for sanction relief .


Putin said phone records show contact between separatists and US secret services . He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush . But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia 's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts , which said they had the right to support opposition forces .


Jonas Gutierrez was an unexpected inclusion , but performed well . Dick Advocaat continued Sunderland 's new managers ' winning tradition . John Carver left Jack Colback exposed to Sunderland hate at left back .


Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel . Claims a wife can only say no if she is menstruating , sick or just given birth . His religious edict and outrageous comments have shocked many in Malaysia and beyond .


Mike Whitehead was standing for the Tories in Hull West and Hessle . He resigned as a councillor last week in ` disgust ' at local party politics . The Tories claim Mr Whitehead was sacked as a candidate last week . But Nigel Farage this morning insisted it was a ` hammer blow ' for Cameron .


Gloriavale , a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks . Several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . A former member , Miracle , told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations .


Max Maisel , 21 , had been missing since February 21 . He was last seen leaving his vehicle on the shores of the lake in New York . A fisherman saw his body 200 yards from a coast guard station Monday . Family said they were relieved his body had been found in a statement . Paid tribute to the sweet , sensitive and caring young man . Police and the coroner are yet to release a cause of death .


The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon will hold the 2016 Olympic rowing races . Currently , the lake is filled with thousands of dead twaite shad fish . Rio 's waterways are choked with raw sewage and rubbish , and concerns have been raised over health and safety ahead of the Olympics . Officials say the deaths are due to a plummet in the water temperature .


Real estate website Zillow has released a list of America 's 15 most expensive streets based on median house price . Indian Creek Island Road in Miami , Florida , came top , boasting four of Forbes ' 500 richest men as homeowners . Jay Z and Beyonce once called the island , which is made up of enormous lots and has its own police force , home . Second was Beverly Park Circle , California , where Hollywood names such as Denzel Washington and Eddie Murphy .


Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon . The storm generated winds of more than 140mph -LRB- 225km/h -RRB- It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday .


`` Great Cannon '' blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks . It uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it . Researchers fear this new cyberweapon could easily be used for an array of powerful attacks . Beijing may have counted on that .


Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition . Whitney Houston nailed it ; Roseanne Barr destroyed it .


David Cameron set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East . He said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ` on the screens of the traders in the City of London ' Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 , and the Tories have


five americans released from nebraska hospital . they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march .


Raheem Sterling was pictured on social media smoking from a shisha pipe . The revealing image was accompanied with the caption ' 1 down 3 to go ' The Liverpool star recently turned down a £ 100,000-a-week deal with Reds . Sterling is the second England midfielder to be snapped smoking a shisha this year alongside Jack Wilshere .


Per Mertesacker says that suffering embarrassing defeats hurt the squad . Losing heavily forced the players to bring back the ` arguing culture ' Since then Arsenal have improved and could still finish second . CLICK HERE to follow all the live updates of Arsenal vs Liverpool . CLICK HERE to read all the latest Arsenal news .


Brendan Cordina, 36, was searching for his grandfather's medals when he found them. He drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to find them but was refused the medals. He started a petition to get the medals returned to the family.


Benjamin Mellor ripped package of drugs open after food ran out . 35-year-old was one of three arrested after Naval officers stormed yacht . They were all sentenced at Cork circuit criminal court yesterday .


casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces' footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' .


Charles Piutau has played 14 internationals for New Zealand . Piutau can play as full back , wing or centre and will join Ulster in 2016 . Ulster team manager Bryn Cunningham is excited to secure Piutau .


An unnamed woman was shot by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car . The incident happened near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta on Thursday . The woman had been taken into custody after being found sitting inside a stolen car . At one point the woman fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , fatally wounding her .


andy murray will marry fiancée kim sears in dunblane, scotland, on saturday . there are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding . murray lost the miami open final to novak djokovic on sunday .


Almost half of French 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk -- compared to 33 per cent ten years ago . The rise in binging is particularly high among young women , soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005 , to three times that number by 2015 . France 's language watchdog the Academie Francaise has


Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake , LA . 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife and then running away . Jackson played David Hasselhoff 's character 's son Hobie Buchannon in the hit TV show . Jackson left the show in 1999 - he admitted to suffering from a severe drug addiction .


Christi Shepherd , 7 , and brother Bobby , 6 , found dead by a chambermaid . They were on holiday on Greek island with their father and his girlfriend . Neil Shepherd and Ruth Beatson were almost killed by the toxic fumes . Inquest into childrens ' deaths is being held today in Wakefield .


John Carver has called on the advice and support of Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase . Toon fans are planning to boycott today 's game at home to Spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner Mike Ashley . Carver was in the dugout alongside Pardews at the end of last season when


Not all turtles can swim , said Florida wildlife officials this week after concerned beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean . There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . Tortoises have toes with claws on each toe but sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws on each fore flipper .


James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday . England take on the West Indies at the Sir Vivian Richards Cricket Ground . Four wickets would take Anderson past Sir Ian Botham 's national record .


Amy-Beth Ellice , 17 , from Essex started baking at three years old . She published her first cookbook , Amy 's Baking Year , at age 14 . Teen chef held recent cupcake masterclass in Harrods . Her second , entertaining-themed , book is set to come out in 2016 .


Drug called AZDO5030 originally designed to treat certain types of tumour . Scientists say it has restored memory in mice given Alzheimer 's disease . Human trials have already been launched to test efficacy of drug in patients .


Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool . Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend the former Tottenham boss . Harry was unswerving in his opinion on Raheem Sterling 's future at the club .


poll of 15,560 gps found one in six is considering going part-time . 7% are contemplating quitting altogether, according to the poll . senior gps say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population .


Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes teenager Dayot Upamecano. The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window only for him to opt to stay in France for a few more months. Centre-back Umecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level.


Members of the New York Police Department claim the man , 30 , opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired . When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . No officers were hurt during the incident .


Lawrence Phillips , 39 , was one of the nation 's top players for Nebraska . He was jailed in 2005 and sentenced to 31 years at Kern Valley State Prison . His cellmate Damion Soward , 37 , was found lifeless on Saturday morning . Soward was serving 82 years to life for first-degree murder .


A 12-year-old boy found the world 's largest European wasp nest ever found . Jordan Waddingham made $ 20 from his mum for his startling discovery . It measures at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres . The nest was destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant . It took two days to remove the 90-kilogram nest from the ground . The nest is being displayed at the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery .


Ryan Skivington took the pets from cage during a row with girl 's mother . Then squeezed the animals tightly before throwing bodies out a window . 26-year-old also admitted assaulting former partner and causing damage .


Fifth of young people do n't remember how they got home after drinking . Third forgot their entire night while one in 20 drove themselves home drunk . But nearly a quarter considered alcohol to be more harmful than smoking . Half said the NHS should stop treating alcoholics given health warnings .


` Boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by opposite sex . Girls in single sex education do n't have to worry about impressing boys . Comments made by head of Wycombe Abbey School in Buckinghamshire . Come after calls for boys to be taught separately in state schools .


Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit against the city of Ferguson . Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday . Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014 . The shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ` Black Lives Matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .


Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden . They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named . Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing daughter 's passport . Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public


Jonas Gutierrez could play his way to a new contract at Newcastle . The 31-year-old needs seven more starts to trigger contract extension . Gutierrez made his first start in 20 months in recent Sunderland defeat . Midfielder is one of very few players respected by a disgruntled fanbase .


There are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it , according to a new poll . If the U.S. Supreme Court has been paying attention , it likely saw this trend coming .


The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's alarming incident . Took place 18 miles from Ardglass on southeast shore of Northern Ireland . Officials believe Nato drills may have attracted the interest of the Russians . Just three days ago , RAF Typhoons were sent to intercept two Russian aircraft near UK air space .


Aston Villa face Liverpool at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . Liverpool will have to keep Villa 's in-form Christian Benteke quiet . The Belgium international has scored eight goals in six games for Villa . Striker says that new manager Tim Sherwood has given him freedom . Benteke struggled for form earlier this season after recovering from injury . A year ago he ruptured his achilles and missed the World Cup . Benteke returned in October but did not hit top gear straight away .


Painting depicts SNP leader as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display and whip in hand. But instead of being offended, she is 'tickled' by the image, so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband.


a jury has been seated in the trial of colorado movie theater massacre suspect james holmes . holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges .


The plans were revealed in a leaked memo from Apple boss Tim Cook . He thanked staff for their help and offered employees a 50 % discount . This discount applies from Friday and will last for 90 days . Apple staff already receive discounts on all products at around 30 % .


Exhausted shoppers regularly fall asleep in IKEA stores across China . Cheeky nappers kick off their shoes and get under the covers of displays . Managers forced to ban visitors from taking off their shoes to go to sleep .


hawaii's legislature passes a bill raising the minimum legal age to 21 . the bill will now go before gov. david ige, whose signature would make it law .


Opposition to garden spanning the Thames , favoured by Boris Johnson , gathers speed as use of funds criticised . George Osborne and the mayor have promised £ 60 million in funds but opponents say the public wo n't have access . Critics want a parliamentary inquiry into the bridge ahead of a judicial review in May which could end the plans .


GoFundMe told Daily Mail Online ` that after review , the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of terms & conditions ' Fundraising site Indiegogo allowed the ` Michael T. Slager Support Fund ' to raise $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal at 11 am on Thursday . An Indiegogo spokesperson said : ` We do n't judge the content of campaigns as long as they are in compliance with our Terms of Use '


Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England 's Ashes squad this summer . Darren Gough says Pietersen only has a small chance of returning for England . Gough is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord 's Taverners charity .


Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones . In this , the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , I look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century .


More than half of members of group of industrial nations reduced aid . But Britain failed to follow suit - thanks to target imposed by Mr Cameron . Its overseas spending is double the average level of other nations in group .


virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by us attorney alan dershowitz . mr dershowitz said that he wants to have her thrown in jail for perjury . miss roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by jean luc brunel .


Andy Murray and Kim Sears will wed in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday . Murray was the best man for the wedding of his brother Jamie and wife Alejandra at Cromlix House in October 2010 . The British No 1 became the first man in 77 years to win the men 's singles title at Wimbledon in July 2013 . Murray and Sears got back together in 2010 after


Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago , Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day . The storm system , which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring . Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees , as wild weather hit 12 states .


Police in Dallas shot and killed Jason Harrison last year . A grand jury has decided not to indict the officers . The officers are still facing a civil lawsuit filed by Harrison 's family .


Vera Baird has allocated £ 500,000 to be given to Victims First Northumbria . Police and Crime Commissioner is a director at the newly set-up charity . Chief Constable Sue Sim is also on the organisation 's board of directors . Critics have accused Northumbria Police of creating ` its own soap opera '


Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road -LRB- 1.30 pm -RRB- . Defender Richard Dunne is close to a return but will not be considered . Rio Ferdinand and Yun Suk-young are still out for QPR . Cesc Fabregas will start with a mask to protect his broken nose . John Obi Mikel is fit again following a knee injury . QPR have kept a clean sheet in three


Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family's home in north London last October. The Old Bailey head how Ozcelik travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany, where the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) youth movement have its headquarters.


The unidentified man was photographed in the distasteful clothing item by a Twitter user . Dozens of people responded to express their disgust at the T-shirt .


A 2-year-old boy was hit and killed by a van at a family birthday party . The boy 's older brother and the van 's driver were also hit by bullets , police say . The suspect , Ricky Ricardo Chiles III , committed suicide in a Chicago-area hotel .


Lewis Hamilton claimed third grand prix win of the season on Sunday . He will now help Nicolas prepare for British Touring Car Championship . Younger brother set to become the first disabled competitor to take part .


Arsenal are the most popular Premier League club according to Twitter followers . Chelsea are second with 5.4 m followers and Manchester United third with 4.8 m. Liverpool dominate the UK but are less popular in other countries . Arsenal and Chelsea split Europe , with Arsene Wenger 's side most popular in northern European countries .


Diwalinen Vankar went with daughter to wash clothes in Vishwamitri River . A crocodile grabbed daughter 's leg and dragged her into river in west India . Vankar , 58 , tried to pull daughter - Kanta - free from clutches of crocodile . But after no success , she started attacking it with her washing paddle . Eventually rescued 19-year-old daughter , who only suffered minor injuries .


the cdc considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" the usda says it is preparing for the worst .


richard and angela maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday . the couple, both 67, became 10th biggest british winners of euromillions . mr maxwell plans to retire and play bowls while mrs maxwell plans to retire .


marion "suge" knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges . judge ronald coen also lowers knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million . knight faces up to life in prison if convicted .


Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award . Fans will be asked to vote for the league 's most outstanding players . A shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly . One lucky winner gets the chance to present the award to the selected player . Leeds Rhinos ` Paul Aiton ,


Mike Tindall saw Monbeg Dude run his heart out. The former England captain was in Aintree ahead of the Grand National. Tindall's horse Monbeg Dude finished third in the National at Aintree.


Kijoto , a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla , is known to have occasional skirmishes . The Henry Doorly Zoo gorilla exhibit has multiple layers of both glass and acrylic . Even with the crack , the public was never in danger , the zoo says .


sportsmail revealed how popular each premier league club is around the world . arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers . manchester united have over eight million followers on weibo .


Health expert Mark Bellis says alcohol abuse goes back as far as ancient civilisations such as the Greeks and Mesopotamians . The Egyptians used to warn against mixing alcoholic drinks with drugs . Authorities tackled public drunkenness with street lights and advertising .


Indiana town 's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat . Its owners say they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding .


The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . City Attorney Jon Paladini claims lookout Brendan McDonough overheard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy over the dangerous move , which would prove deadly . Willis , former chief of woodland fires for the city of Prescott , Arizona , says the fire 's sole survivor came to


edwin sabuhoro is a warden in rwanda's volcanoes national park . he volunteered to infiltrate poachers and save a baby gorilla . sabuhoro started a tour company to help poachers make a living .


Two studies warn that rising temperatures could wipe out animals . University of Connecticut research warns 1 in 6 species could face extinction , especially in South America , Australia , and New Zealand . UC Berkeley research says marine animals such as whales near North America , Antarctica and New Zealand are most likely to die out .


Two survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking , police say . European officials propose a 10-point plan meant to address the crisis . A survivor tells authorities that migrants were trapped behind locked doors .


Scottish TV presenter has lost weight through regular Zumba classes . Dance routine has helped 55-year-old Lorraine drop two dress sizes . Has also found a friend for life in Zumba instructor Maxine Jones . Read the full interview in this week 's issue of Woman , on sale Tuesday 14 April .


A U.S. drone strike accidentally killed hostages Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto . Michael Rubin : Hostages such as journalist Jason Rezaian are canaries in the coal mine .


The stunning photos of the butterfly wings were taken by 51-year-old Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire . He used a trinocular-reflecting light microscope with a Canon EOS 5D mark II camera is fitted to the top . Images include close-up shots of the peacock swallowtail , a sunset moth and the mother of pearl butterfly .


Punk-glam stars at Fashion Week on Tuesday bringing an edge to the show . Phoenix Keating , Zhivago , Khim Hang and Alice McCall rocked punk glam . While others like Maticevski , Ginger and Smart and Brunsdon play safe . Collections featured metallics , jewel tones , rigid lines and new textures .


Calcium formations on ` Altamura Man ' - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993-suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors . Up until now , held off from excavating the remains as they thought it would cause irreparable to the skeleton . Scientists believe


mike fregoe of massapequa park, new york, says he and his family built the snowman in january, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall . since then, the snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into march . the fregoe family started a facebook page asking for 'snownations' to keep their beloved frosty alive .


Olivia Phillips , 30 , rocked head-to-toe Moschino . Went to the supermarket and an art event - and got lots of attention . People stared , helped her with her shopping and said she looked like a cake .


The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland . The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators . Authorities will not say how the couple died . The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands .


The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at' She has a stunning 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a Chinese social media platform. The teenager reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend, according to Chinese website 10cent.


Boko Haram jihadis posed for photos somewhere in north-eastern Nigeria . They are the first images of the terror group since it became part of ISIS . Fighters pose with guns and alongside ISIS ' sinister black and white flag . ISIS branding suggests the terrorists now controls Boko Haram releases . Release comes as Nigerian soldiers stormed the Islamists final remaining stronghold in the country .


Zane Gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after gas poisoning . Authorities denied that deadly fumes were coming from nearby landfill site . They insisted carbon monoxide from faulty pump in house caused his death . Evidence shows authorities knew hydrogen cyanide leaked into family home . Fire crews fled the riverside home for their own safety after their specialist gas detectors sounded the alarm for dangerous levels of hydrogen cyanide four hours after Zane was discovered by his mother . The concentration of the gas found could be fatal within 15 minutes ; . Carbon monoxide was never detected in the family 's home ; . Neighbours were evacuated amid fears of ` contamination from floodwater ' ; . Police and other agencies were fully informed of hydrogen cyanide at the property at the time , but never confirmed it publicly despite repeated questioning by this newspaper .


At least 12 people killed in separate attacks on a police station, a checkpoint and along a highway. Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack, which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed. In that earlier attack, a first lieutenant, a sergeant and four conscripts were killed.


Miss Wendy , a ` talking ' dog with singing skills and sense of humour . But some viewers at home were less dazzled by the ` cruel ' stunt . Ofcom received 21 complaints over Saturday 's episode of Britain 's Got Talent . ITV received a further 35 complaints from the RSPCA . Simon Cowell even called his girlfriend Lauren to tell her about it . It is


Branislav Ivanovic has yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea . The 31-year-old 's current deal at Stamford Bridge runs out in 2016 . Bayern Munich are unlikely to make a move until January . Paris Saint-Germain will make a # 7million bid for Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech .


Prime Minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by Mark Reckless. She was joined by Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst for a visit to Abbey Court School. She joked that her campaigning duties did not stretch to a live TV debate.


a philadelphia court heard thursday that corry 'corey' campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' campbell believed the victim, greg valecce, 53, had hurt his cat, pebbles . valecce would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days . campbell, his girlfriend sandra ng, 19, and friend carl halin, 18, slapping and spitting on valecce


Abbey , 29 , joins forces with Foxes , Lily Donaldson and Alice Dellal . Campaign has so far raised £ 13.5 m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer . Abbey says she is ` honoured ' to be part of the campaign . Says she wants women to ` wear their support '


The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country, transporting the detainees in secret via a supply ship currently on stand-by off the coast of Vietnam. It is understood the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau.


Aston Villa 's Gabriel Agbonlahor throws a flurry of punches in training . Attacker is closing in on return to fitness following hamstring injury . Agbonlahor missed Aston Villa 's semi-final victory against Liverpool . The 28-year-old will be hoping to return against Manchester City .


Mother must complete `` treatment '' before she can be extradited , Maryland police say . Mom told police son was with her in Maryland , but he was found Friday alone in woods . Victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .


Lewis Hamilton sprayed Liu Siying with champagne after win in China . He was criticised as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' by an anti-sexism group . Visual Art graduate Siying said she ` did not think too much about it at all ' Hamilton said he would have been concerned if she was unhappy . The defending world champion spoke ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix .


Judge Michael Maggio , 52 , made the comments on a Louisiana State University fan message board . He initially pretended a friend had been the judge who oversaw Theron 's adoption hearing . He said a ` judge friend ' had handled the adoption , before admitting that he was also involved in the case . Theron adopted the boy , Jackson , from her native South Africa .


NEW: ISIS execution video shows two groups of men being killed. The video shows two groups of men being beheaded, according to the video's narrator. The al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black, being killed at different locations.


Eden Hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season . The 24-year-old Belgian has won Player of the Year or Young Player of Year every season since 2009 with Lille or Chelsea . Hazard said : ` I do n't know if I deserve to win but it is good for me '


Labour leader admits he cried when he watched a DVD of the 2014 film starring Bill Nighy. In a radio interview, he was asked about Jeremy Paxman's description of him as a 'north London geek' He said: 'I plead guilty to being a geek'


Barcelona won 3-1 at PSG in their Champions League quarter-final first leg . Luis Suarez scored twice after Neymar 's opener for the visitors . Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for the French side on 82 minutes . Two teams meet again for the second leg on April 21 at the Nou Camp .


Burnley and Tottenham played out a 0-0 draw low on quality on Sunday . Harry Kane captained Spurs but the league 's top goalscorer struggled . Kane could not find the net and Michael Duff says his team stopped him .


Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet. They say the broadcast of their location during the hostage-taking was dangerous. The media outlet is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages by broadcasting their location live during the siege.


Oshun Cafe serves four variations of Brazilian superfood , costing £ 6 each . Pop-up restaurant will be open from 8 to 27 April . Berries packed with amino acids , as well as vitamins A , B , C and E.


Complex human conversation began around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . Professor Shigeru Miyagawa notes single words bear traces of syntax . He says this shows the words came from an older , syntax-laden system . He believes humans combined an ` expressive ' layer of language , as seen in birdsong , with a ` lexical ' layer , as seen in monkeys .


Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe 's project `` Toy Soldiers '' uses soldiers posed as green plastic figurines . The soldiers are with the Polisario Front , an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco since the mid-1970s . Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on `` how images of war -LRB- will -RRB- be consumed in the future ''


french health chiefs blame uk for rise in youngsters binge-drinking . they say it's an 'anglo-saxon phenomenon' being copied across the channel . critics say it's double standards for country where children are encouraged to drink .


Bristol City held second-place Preston to 1-1 draw at Deepdale on Saturday . Robins could be first Football League club to win promotion on Tuesday . Steve Cotterill 's side face Bradford at Valley Parade and win will be enough . City boss Cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against Preston after admitting he had thought about the worst case scenario .


Group are the first living veterans of 2,800 to receive the Legion of Honour . Now in their nineties , two were just teens when they helped liberate France . Medal was in recognition of their ` heroic accomplishments ' and ` bravery '


Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday. Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity ship docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick. The Celebrity Inifity, which carried 2,117 passengers and 964 crew, sailed the same path from Florida through the Mexican Riviera.


Scott Shirley , his wife and son were returning from trip to Disneyland . But Mrs Shirley made grim discovery on floor of United Airlines plane . Mr Shirley claims staff refused to clean area and were offered blankets to cover area up .


Patrick O'Melia flagged down by Kelly Boan after her brother took heroin . Justin Braddock was unconscious and it took seven minutes to revive him . The 34-year-old had taken heroin and was taken to hospital by ambulance . But when officers arrived to question him , Braddock tried to run away .


roger federer defeated jeremy chardy 6-2, 6-1 in monte carlo opener . match was federer's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march . 17-time major champion faces gael monfils in quarter-finals .


If you ca n't wangle living there full-time , then Barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination . No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona . The Hotel Arts is a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel , towering over the beaches and Port Olimpic . At the foot of the hotel


Jack Rowe died in July after falling into his family 's garden swimming pool . The ` kind ' three-year-old was trying to reach a new toy floating on the water . A coroner said she would write to Minister urging for new laws to be made . Dr Clare Balysz cited Australian law which enforces fencing around pools .


jordan spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket . spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at augusta . the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods .


BBC makes online game about Syrian refugees trying to escape to Europe . ` Sickening ' game often ends with migrants drowning in the Mediterranean . Other outcomes see women refugees sold to militia or abandoned in Libya . BBC slammed for turning the suffering of millions into a ` children 's game '


Labour grandee escaped prosecution for string of child abuse allegations . Lawyers have told of botched investigations in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 . Former DPP said evidence in 2007 case was not passed to him for review . Branded decision by local CPS lawyers a ` grave failing ' and a ` great regret '


Yannick Bolasie raced past Lee Cattermole to claim his hat-trick . Referee Anthony Taylor was closer to Bolasie than Cattermole for final goal . Gary Cahill has won back his starting spot after brief spell on sidelines . Vincent Kompany failed to impress in Man City 's defeat by Man United . Arsene Wenger 's decision to drop Wojciech Szczesny has been justified .


Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack. Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.


shannon carter, 21, repeatedly struck amelia gledhill, 20, with a stiletto heel . ms gledhill had been on a night out with friends in bradford city centre . carter then followed ms gledhill into a nightclub toilets and attacked her . ms gledhill has been left with permanent scarring and blurred vision . carter has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for the attack .


Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid . Former Tottenham winger has been linked with a return to the Premier League with Manchester United and Chelsea . Stoke manager Mark Hughes has urged Wales star to stay at the Bernabeu . READ : Bale desperate to stay and win over Real Madrid support . READ : Bale leads Football League Team of the Decade .


Australia agrees to share some of its intelligence with Iran . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the deal is `` an informal arrangement '' Australia is grappling with citizens who are choosing to travel to Iraq to join ISIS . One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as `` dancing with the devil ''


Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England 's first innings . The 28-year-old has had a complete demise in his batting . Broad must not let his batting woes must not affect his bowling . He is still is the enforcer and combines well with James Anderson .


hull city lost 2-0 to southampton at st mary's on saturday . steve bruce's side are just two points clear of the relegation zone . hull face liverpool, arsenal, tottenham and manchester united .


Vote on the first story I 'll report for the `` 2 degrees '' series . Tell CNN 's John Sutter which of these climate change stories you like best . The poll closes Monday , April 27 , at 5 pm ET . We 'll continue to explore the importance of this number together .


kevin de bruyne has been linked with a move to bayern munich . franck ribery says de bruyne is not the right type of player for bayern . de bruyne has nine goals and 16 assists for wolfsburg this season .


Saturday is Record Store Day , celebrated at music stores around the world . Many stores will host live performances , drawings and special sales of rare vinyl .


Swansea are willing to listen to offers for left-back Neil Taylor . Tony Pulis is keen for the 26-year-old to fill in at left back . Garry Monk would be willing to sell the Wales international if the offer was right .


Police search An Noor community centre in west London and Burnell Mitchell 's home in Wembley . Mitchell , 61 , is trustee of the community centre and director of company that owns it . Jamaican businessman Leslie Cooper , 36 , appeared in court yesterday charged with murdering Arwani . A 61-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .


Joseph O'Riordan , 76 , stabbed his wife Mandy , 47 , nine times with a kitchen knife at their home in Polegate , East Sussex . He had become suspicious of his wife 's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her . He soon discovered his estate manager wife was having an affair with married postman , Nick Gunn , nicknamed ` Tommy ' by friends and family .


Luis Suarez scored Barcelona 's opening goal against Valencia in the first minute of the game . Claudio Bravo kept out a tame penalty from Valencia captain Dani Parejo in the ninth . Lionel Messi sealed the three points with one of the final kicks of the game .


The men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning . The body of the missing chef , who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has still not been found . Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days .


U.N. : 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks . Saudi special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles , a source says . Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other parts of Aden , the source adds . U.S. Navy warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping .


john higgins beat robert milkins 10-5 in the first round of the betfred world championships . graeme dott beat ricky walden 10-8 in the second round .


Lazio host Empoli at the Stadio Olimpico in Serie A on Sunday . Roman outfit secured spot in Coppa Italia final in midweek . Beat Napoli 2-1 on aggregate and will face Juventus in the final . Defender Mauricio captures fans celebrations with selfie stick .


Darlene Feliciano, 27, passed away Friday after she fell off a hiking trail in Oahu, Hawaii. She was out hiking with a friend when she slipped and fell. The woman was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka.


Brett Robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect . The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' A judge rejected her


Scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident. They found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today. They compared it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.


Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season . The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances but has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year . London coach Andrew Henderson said : ` Elliot comes highly recommended from Leeds '


A&E , Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of `` Roots '' in 2016 . The miniseries is about an African-American slave and his descendants . LeVar Burton , who portrayed Kunta Kinte in the original , will co-executive produce .


casey veal's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless robbery . hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby .


ba van nguyen was able to fly a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of saigon on april 30, 1975 . the ch-47 chinook is the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army and was used to evacuate the city . nguyen jumped out of the helicopter and landed on the uss kirk, which was too small to allow the helicopter to land . he and his three children and wife were all saved by the uss kirk .


kamron t. taylor, 23, escaped from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m. wednesday . authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his suv . taylor was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .


Gary Ballance hit 122 on day four of the first Test in Antigua on Thursday . Ballance had a disappointing World Cup scoring just 36 runs in four games . England declared on 333 for seven , setting hosts a target of 438 to win . West Indies closed on 98 for two heading into the final day .


As William and Kate await the arrival of their second child , speculation is rife as to what he or she will be named . Royal expert Victoria Arbiter argues that naming a newborn princess after Diana would put too much pressure on her .


The dramatic , up-close images show the incredible power of the tiny creature . Student Frenki Jung , 17 , from Sambas in Borneo captured the hilarious images . He shot the super close-ups in his front garden at home .


lewis hamilton sprayed champagne directly at grid girl liu siying . the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the chinese grand prix . sexism campaigners have called for hamilton to apologise to miss siying . but she said she didn't think much about the incident and was just doing her job .


Firearm licence holders grew from 177,675 to 215,462 in the last five years . Tamworth has the most at 3259 , with Bathurst a close second at 3075 . However there has not been a related increase in gun related crime . Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said U.S. 's popular national gun laws and their influence through pop culture , is likely reason for increase .


Ultra-competitive racers risk life and limb to cross railway 85 km into race . Train races past seconds after policeman stops more cyclists crossing . Last Team Sky road race for Tour De France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins . Sir Wiggins - who was n't involved in level crossing problem - finished 18th .


Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend , Jackson Byrnes . The 18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . He was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . Jackson and his girlfriend have raised over $ 80,000 for his life-saving surgery to be performed


Ruud Gullit controversially decided not to start Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer at St James ` Park in 1999 . Carver was assistant to the Dutchman at Newcastle between 1998 and 1999 . Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club on Sunday . The former Newcastle boss 's first game in charge was against Sunderland in August 1999 . Carver was Alan Pardew 's side


The potential domestic auction for Liverpool's Raheem Sterling could decide which of Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United lure Gareth Bale from Real Madrid. It promises to become a tangled transfer web. Bale is, from a playing and commercial point of view, a far 'safer bet' given his proven CV.


Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney 's East . Police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him . A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .


Barcelona B winger Moha El Ouriachi set to reject a new deal at club . The player 's agent says they have an irresistible offer from Stoke City . Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Catalans . Pacey winger El Ouriachi , 19 , has represented Spain at youth level .


Google Maps has a temporary Pac-Man function . Google has long been fond of April Fools ' Day pranks and games . Many people are turning their cities into Pac-Man courses .


Cancer stricken basketball player Lauren Hill has already raised over $ 1.5 million for cancer research . In high school , Lauren was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma , a rare form of brain cancer . Lauren still managed to play a full season of college basketball at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati .


richie benaud dies at the age of 84 . benaud was a former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster . he was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985 .


Newcastle hope to avoid third defeat in a row when they face Sunderland . Papiss Cisse has scored 11 Premier League goals this season . 10 of those have been decisive , and the Magpies would be in the relegation zone behind Sunderland without his goals .


Haris Vuckic was one of five loanees sent to Glasgow by Newcastle on January transfer window. The 22-year-old is the only one to have made an impact at Ibrox. He admits he is uncertain over his future with only 12 months left on his contract.


Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman 's pursuit of two women . But a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ` strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author .


Sir Frank Kitson , 88 , accused in 1973 case of Patrick Eugene Heenan , 47 . First time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over Troubles . But Sir Frank claims he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at time . Mr Heenan died when paramilitaries threw grenade at bus carrying him .


Pep Guardiola has been linked with a move to Manchester City . Spanish boss has a three-year contract with Bayern Munich . CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes Guardiola will stay with Bayern .


Prime Minister will tell voters new powers mean it 'can now have a big impact on your job, your income, and investment in your area' He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' – named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government.


Girl dubbed ' 100-year-old teenager ' Hayley Okines died earlier this month . She suffered from progeria which ages body eight times the normal rate . Prince Charles sent letter to her parents which was read at her funeral . In it he called the brave teenager ` an inspiration to millions '


Cathleen Hackney , 56 , is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court in relation to her son 's cremation . She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to her ex-husband 's funeral . Hackney is said to have ` pressed ahead ' with her plans despite knowing her ex , Paul Barber , would have objected . She also signed two forms to the same effect ,


Women routinely ask for £ 4,000 less for a typical job , new research finds . This can widen to £ 10,000 in more senior industries such as accountancy . East Anglia and East Midlands had largest difference in expected salaries . Findings released to coincide with Equal Pay Day to show gender pay gap .


the elephant was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa . the bull approached, much to the elephant's annoyance . it squirts the bull with water stored in its trunk, but misses its target .


Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United in 2006 for £ 18million . Sir Alex Ferguson trusted him in midfield and United dominated . But Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello did not . Carrick has a 100 per cent record with England at the World Cup . He 's only ever played in one game at the tournament , and England won it 1-0 against Ecuador in the round of 16 in 2006 .


Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final . Pep Guardiola 's side face an injury crisis ahead of Wednesday 's clash . Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery , David Alaba , Javi Martinez and Tom Starke are all ruled out . Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash .


Both Chelsea and Manchester City are keen on signing Nathan . The attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with his current club . Nathan is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of proposed move .


A French prosecutor says he is not aware of any video footage from on board the plane . German daily Bild and Paris Match claim to have found a cell phone video of the crash . A French Gendarmerie spokesman calls the reports `` completely wrong '' and `` unwarranted ''


Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday . It came as the West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment . Worcester 's Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were ` less than ideal ' and said it was ` working very hard '


Films can be bought at Skystore.com or through the Sky Store app . Recent new releases include The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 , The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington . New releases cost £ 13.99 , classics are £ 7.99 and both include a DVD copy . New releases on Blinkbox are £ 8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep .


Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for # 32million in 2012 . Hazard has scored 17 goals in his first season at Stamford Bridge . The winger is one of the world 's best players . Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance against QPR on Sunday . Hazard was named PFA 's player of the year on April 26 . He joins Luis Suarez , Gareth


Huma Abedin has known Hillary Clinton since 1996 , when she scored a White House internship working for the then-first lady . In 2008 Clinton tapped her to be her ` body woman ' when she ran for president . When Clinton became secretary of state a year later , Abedin became her deputy chief of staff . Abedin is married to disgraced former New York Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner , whose spectacular fall from grace came after he was exposed for sending lurid Twitter messages to women .


Climate change negotiations in Paris are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions. The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change. China has set the audacious goal of installing 100 gigawatts of solar power capacity by 2022.


Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 29 , 1975 . Nguyen flew the helicopter to the South China Sea , but had to evacuate everyone when fuel ran low . He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land , and so he hoovered over as his family safely jumped out . He then flew back out to sea and jumped from the helicopter seconds before it crashed into the sea . He survived the crash and was reunited with his family onboard . He kept his identity a secret until a 2009 ceremony commemorating the event .


The $ 2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments . The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February . The company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff . Australian Medical Association WA


The life of 16-year-old Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people . ` I do n't think there 's anything sad about this . It 's such a celebration , ' said Darby Hudd , a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen . A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with Sanchez 's murder .


Journalists are known for being a fund of good stories . Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years and is no exception . In his new book he reveals the inner workings of Fleet Street as it was .


Apple helping nonprofit buy large tracts of timberland on the East Coast . Firm now powers U.S. operations with renewable energy .


A hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky , `` F * * k that -LRB- N-word -RRB- '' Harrison , who is black , said his words were `` in jest , '' and that he meant no disrespect to the white standout . Kaminky -- the 2015 Associated Press player of the year -- said Sunday that he was `` over


Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio . It shows the monkey having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . Owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick . PETA 's UK Director , Mimi Bekhechi , said that videos like this ` often inspire ill-informed people to


hibernian manager alan stubbs was baffled by peter houston's comments . houston made a series of post-match comments after defeat by hibernian . stubbs did not know what to make of houston's post-match comments .


internal memos reveal heathrow are threatening to strip qantas of their eight landing strips . the australian airline could also be facing a £20,000 fine for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the tarmac . qantas' on time performance rating at heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of february .


Frankie Franz watched the right-back pull off the audacious shot in a video . Nine-year-old joked with his mum and grandmother that he could make it . Youngster moved hoop into middle of the garden and twice achieved feat . Frankie is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club . He plays centre midfield and dreams of one day turning out for Barcelona .


Brady Eaves , 18 , was filmed biting the head off a live hamster at a party . He is the stepson of John Arthur Eaves Jr , Democratic candidate for Mississippi governor in 2007 , now an esteemed pro-life lawyer . The teenager is a University of Mississippi scholar , Phi Delta Theta frat member , star soccer player , was a top student at private school in Jackson . Sources told DailyMail.com he is an ` animal lover ' with a pet raccoon . They said Eaves and his friends fed the hamster vodka and ` hot-boxed ' its cage with marijuana before the sickening stunt was caught on camera . Eaves could be charged with felony animal cruelty charges if it was filmed in Florida , where there is 5-year maximum jail term and $ 5,000 fine .


Aston Villa have struggled to compete but are a proper club . Martin Keown joined Aston Villa in 1986 because of the club 's rich history and tradition . Tim Sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances . Villa won the European Cup in 1982 and will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club .


Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday . Robert Lewandowski netted only goal against his former club . Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp says Pep Guardiola 's side deserved win . Captain Mats Hummels disagrees with manager .


Manchester United are favourites to sign Holland international Memphis Depay . PSV Eindhoven have given Liverpool permission to hold talks with the 21-year-old . Brendan Rodgers is hoping Depay will choose Liverpool as his next destination . Click here for Liverpool transfer news .


New Royal Caribbean cruise ship Anthem of the Seas is sailing out of Southampton this summer . It has innovations including robot bartenders who dance to music as well as pour margaritas . The liner holds the title of being the world 's third largest cruise ship , with room for nearly 5,000 passengers .


Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visit children 's hospital in Liverpool . Everton defenders hand out Easter eggs to young patients and families . Toffees face Premier League clash against Southampton on Saturday .


Everton defeated 10-men Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park . Tom Heaton saved a penalty from Ross Barkley after Aaron Lennon was fouled in the area . Kevin Mirallas scored the Toffees ' winner with a drilled shot after initially miskicking the ball . Clarets forward Ashley Barnes was sent off for a second bookable offence on the stroke of half-time . Mirallas was fortunate to escape being dismissed for a high challenge on George Boyd .


New Milford , New Jersey , police officer Daniel DeMarco was arrested Friday . He was spotted in an Elmwood Park car lot and was in possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . He was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI . New Milford Police confirmed on Monday that he 's still employed by the force .


Ryan Dearnley won the chance to be a mascot in the FA Cup semi-final . He was due to be one for Reading before saying he wanted Arsenal to win . Fan outrage caused The FA to move his prize to an England game instead .


Thousands of fans expected to turn up to the MGM Arena in Las Vegas . To watch the weigh-in , spectators will need to purchase advance tickets . The tickets can be bought on Friday with all the money going to charity . READ : Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds . READ : Mayweather vs Pacquiao purse could hit $ 300m .


Wilfried Zaha posted Instagram photo of FIFA 16 close-up shots . The Crystal Palace winger has been in fine form for the Eagles . Zaha has scored twice since making move to Selhurst Park permanent . FIFA 16 is set to be released by EA Sports later this year .


Catherine Grove disappeared from Fayetteville , Arkansas , in July 2013 . Two months later she was discovered living at the Church of Wells compound in Wells , Texas , saying she was ` seeking the Lord ' The church denies all forms of leisure in favor of prayer and believes in deep self-loathing to repent for sin . Grove left on April 2 and called 911 , saying she needed assistance . She was with her parents for six days before returning to the church . In a video posted to YouTube she announced plans to marry Ronnie Saltsman , a church member , and denounce her family .


Dominique Granier said the smell was a ` sanitation risk ' on route 9 in Montpellier . He suggested putting on a service specifically for Roma passengers . His comments were met with horror by some , including a local union representative . But the bus company is said to have taken his comments seriously .


Stephanie Scott 's remains were formally identified during an autopsy . The corner will now attempt to determine the cause of her death . Police discovered the body in a remote national park on Friday . She went missing on Easter sunday , just days before she was due to get married to her partner of five years . Her father has spoken out about the family 's pain , saying it 's difficult to be surrounded by reminders of her wedding . Police will contact authorities in Holland as they investigate accused killer , Vincent Stanford , who was charged with Stephanie 's murder .


"furious 7" producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to parachute out five cars . the stunt was shot on the plane's 60th birthday . the hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history .


Denise and Glen Higgs thought they 'd never have children . He was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried IVF . Couple from of Braunton , Devon , had Mazy , born three years ago . Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week .


Mario Balotelli receives the most abuse on social media. Chelsea receive the greatest volume of discriminatory messages. Arsenal's Danny Welbeck received 1,700.


Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams in the Miami Open quarter-finals . The Spaniard fought back from a first-set bagel to win 0-6 , 6-1 , 75 . German No 9 seed Andrea Petkovic beat Karolina Pliskova 6-4 , 6-2 . CLICK HERE for all the latest from the Miami Open .


NASA 's Messenger probe smashes into Mercury , ending mission . Space probe hit the planet 's surface at 8,750 mph .


Jerry Grayson flew dozens of aircrafts during Royal Navy rescue missions . He was involved in 1979 Fastnet Yacht Race rescue , saving 15 yachtsmen . Mr Grayson found most helicopters had been turned into museum pieces . But one , a Wessex Mark 1 , is now a glamping unit in Ditchling , Sussex .


Mered Medhanie and Ermias Ghermay ` have made £ 72m in last two years ' Medhanie heard on police wiretap mocking the fatal overcrowding of ships . Ghermay reportedly said : ` I do n't know what happened , they probably died ' Pair wanted over major smuggling ring , but are hiding in lawless Libya .


Peter Gale , 47 , dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey . Sacked for ` unprofessional and inappropriate conduct ' two weeks ago . Investigation reveals he sent ` informal ' emails to sixth form pupil . School rules forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private accounts .


Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students . He says he feels sorry for his accusers , claiming they 've been manipulated by lawyers to lie . He repeatedly denied sexually assaulting anyone , saying he would never resort to physical aggression .


Comedienne Mindy Kaling , 35 , says she did not know about her brother 's decision to apply to medical school posing as an African American . Vijay Chokal-Ingam , 38 , claims he pretended to be a black man and was accepted into the St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998 . He says he decided he 'd have a better chance of getting into medical school if he was black rather than as an Indian-American man . Tells of his experiences on his own blog , Almost Black and criticizes affirmative action . Their mother died in January 2012 , eight months after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer .


The Israeli military conducted airstrikes in the occupied Golan Heights . Four militants allegedly tried to plant a bomb on the Israeli border . Three of the alleged attackers were killed , Israeli media reported .


Attorney : Robert Bates assumed the gun was a Taser because he saw a laser sight on it . Harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and Taser used . In 2009 , an officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a Taser .


Police in Paramus , New Jersey , captured stray goat in middle of the road . Authorities still working to find owner of goat , who is with animal control .


Action heroes would almost certainly die if they were worked in real life . Medical experts have assessed several action heroes and their wounds . James Bond risked death several times during Skyfall and even cancer . Bond 's DIY bullet removal left him at great risk of infection of paralysis .


Shell casings , glass and blood stains litter dorm at Garissa University College . At least 147 died in Thursday attack at the Kenyan college .


Doug Hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , chairman of the House Oversight committee , said . Security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . A ` judgment call ' was made not to shoot Hughes down , Chaffetz said .


Victoria Beckham has updated her black wardrobe with a hint of navy . The Duchess of Cambridge 's favourite nude shoes make legs appear leaner . Sticking to one neutral colour palette like Kim Kardashian is flattering .


Despite pleas for mercy , Indonesia executed eight prisoners on Wednesday . Included two of the `` Bali Nine , '' convicted drug traffickers from Australia . Executions will damage relations between countries , but public image will take longer to heal .


In New York City , opt for free attractions , like Central Park or the Highline . Stay just outside the city centre in Zurich and Toronto to save . TripAdvisor offers plenty of low-cost accommodations , all for under £ 100 .


Churchill was meeting Allied WWII leaders for a reunion party in London . Former PM appears to nod off while sat next to US President Eisenhower . Lord Alan Brooke wakes up Churchill , then 84 , who looks a little sheepish . Never-before-seen photographs will go on auction in the US this month .


Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps , killing himself as well as the other 149 people on board the flight . It has since emerged Lubitz had been treated for psychiatric illness . News has triggered a debate over whether airlines should have mandatory access to all pilots ' medical records , to try and prevent a similar tragedy . Carissa Veliz is a philosophy graduate from Oxford University and is writing her dissertation on the subject of privacy .


Former Barcelona and Brazil forward Ronaldinho marked a late cameo in Queretaro's surprise 4-0 win over Club America. The 2002 World Cup winner came on as the game approached full-time but still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes following earlier goals from Yasser Corona, who struck midway through the first half, and Orbelin Pineda's on the stroke of half-time. Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura after eventually easing to a


Sheldon Nadelman , 80 , worked at Terminal Bar , a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole , from 1973 to 1982 . He would meet and photograph women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to work the streets . Photos taken from behind the bar show a side of Times Square that has disappeared in the glare


duke officials ask anyone with information about the rope noose to call campus police . the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .


carol lloyd left covered in blood after rocks smashed through car window . latest victim of violent anti-immigrant protests near johannesburg . protests began two weeks ago in durban, spreading to johannesburg . police fired rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse crowds .


Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table . Blues have announced partnership with fitness leaders Technogym . Kurt Zouma , Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been working out . Jose Mourinho 's side host Man United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .


andy murray watched barcelona defeat psg at the nou camp on saturday . it was the second time in less than a week that murray had attended . the british no 1 is currently training on clay with jonas bjorkman .


Plane left Indianapolis and crashed near Bloomington airport after midnight . Among the dead were pilot , business owner , Illinois State director of athletics Aaron Leetch , Wells Fargo employee and Sprint representative . There was fog in the area when the plane , a Cessna 414 , crashed near airport . Illinois State associate head basketball coach Torrey Ward was also killed . Terry Stralow , the owner of a bar called the Pub II , also died in the crash . Ward cryptically tweeted ` My ride to the game was n't bad ' before the tragedy . FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash .


Analyst claims Snowden under orders not to speak out against Russia . He accused whistleblower of not being ` transparent ' and being ` secretive ' Snowden fled to Russia via Hong Kong after leaking classified documents .


Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford continued good form with goal vs Wolves . Young striker has hit 17 goals on loan at Middlesbrough this season . Parent side Chelsea are keen to tie him to a new long-term deal . His current deal at Stamford Bridge expires next summer . READ : Will Chelsea EVER bring through English players ?


Hillary Clinton seen as honest and trustworthy by just 38 per cent of Americans , new poll shows . New headaches include revelations about foreign funds flowing into the Clintons ' family foundation while she was secretary of state . $ 2.35 million came from family foundation of company chairman involved in selling Canadian uranium company to Russian state-owned firm . Hillary helped approve that $ 610 million sale in 2010 , which gave Vladimir Putin-linked company control over one-fifth of America 's uranium . Bill Clinton received $ 26 million in speaking fees from foundation donors , including $ 500,000 from an investment bank tied to Putin and the Kremlin . Chelsea Clinton defended the foundation that now bears her name , saying it 's ` among the most transparent ' philanthropies in the US .


Mario Ambarita climbed on to passenger jet flying from island of Sumatra . Crawled from wheel housing of the plane at Jakarta airport in ` dazed state ' Airport bosses say his ` fingers turned blue and his left ear was bleeding ' The 21-year-old Indonesian man said he was desperately ` looking for work '


Solomon Khoorban , 33 , raped teen at club after punching her unconscious . He then raped second victim , 32 , at knifepoint in the bushes in Greenwich . Both crimes reported at time but it took 12 years to trace him through DNA . He has been jailed for 16 years after pleading guilty to three counts of rape .


Stan Freberg was famed comedian , song parodist . He later became adman , did a number of outrageous commercials . `` Weird Al '' Yankovic : '' A legend , an inspiration , and a friend ''


Gianluigi Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night . England ace Joe Hart has labelled Buffon a ` legend of the game ' The 37-year-old also claimed his 50th cap for his country on Tuesday . Hart is 10 years younger than Buffon .


Cheryl Rios , CEO of Go Ape Marketing , says Hillary Clinton should n't be president . Peggy Drexler : Rios ' view of women is not unique . She says bias against women in the workplace is so well established . Drexle : We need to say to our daughters : `` You can be anything you want to be ''


cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the summit of the americas in panama . the u.s. has not blocked cuba's attempt to join .


Dr Mehmet Oz is vice chairman at Columbia 's College of Physicians and Surgeons and is a professor of surgery . He said in a statement that his show provides ` multiple points of view ' , including his , ` which is offered without conflict of interest ' Comes after ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for Oz 's dismissal . Said there 's no scientific proof his ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements work . Columbia said it ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom ' University has not removed TV celebrity doctor from his faculty position .


Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. "Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he said.


couple were having sex at three bridges playing fields in crawley, west sussex . they were semi-naked as they enjoyed steamy encounter in broad daylight . pair did not mind being in full view as people walked past them . one man asked 'why would you do that?' before describing it as 'well funny' .


adele adkins has topped the list of britain's richest musicians under 30 . the 26-year-old has doubled the wealth of her nearest rivals . ed sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost . sam smith, 22, is a new entry with £12million, placing him on par with florence welch .


`` Furious 7 '' is expected to gross $ 115 million or more at the North American box office this weekend . It is getting the widest release in Universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 -LRB- including Imax locations -RRB- . Overseas , the movie is poised to do massive business , putting its global debut north of $ 250 million . If it beats ``


Paul Tudor Jones II , who is worth $ 4.6 billion , reportedly bought the oceanfront Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week . Last month , he slammed the rising wealth gap during a TED talk in Canada and warned there may be a revolution if nothing is done to change it .


David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate 's elbow . The Manchester City star was taken off on a stretcher and given oxygen . The Spaniard went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans ' worries , and the club announced no fracture .


boko haram has killed thousands in nigeria's northeast . it has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted last year .


Lisa McElroy, a Drexel professor, appeared on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire in 2010. She has been investigated for allegedly sending students a link to a pornographic website. The 50-year-old professor is a mother of two and previously appeared on the show.


David Wihby, 61, arrested on Friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution. He has been Republican New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte's state director for the last year. He also has an elected seat on the Manchester school board, according to the Boston Globe.


Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found Luis Velasquez holding a bouquet of flowers . Gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy and some of them held signs that read , ` Will you go to prom with me ? ' Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome -LRB- PWS -RRB- PWS causes insatiable appetite along with other physical abnormalities . Video of the cute promposal has over three million views since being posted to Facebook on Tuesday .


British boxer Amir Khan has been showing off his lightning quick technique with an impressive party trick using no more than an empty plastic bottle . The 28-year-old is currently training for his upcoming fight against Chris Algieri on May 29 at the Barclays Center in New York .


The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka. It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.


Nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . There 's even a word for it -- ` nomophobia ' - the fear of being without a working mobile . Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing # 10 million in U.S. . - based battery experts Sakti3 . It is hoped that their aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with


Lisa Webb , 34 , moved to France with her husband in 2009 . Was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers . When offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks , she witnessed tots using ` grown-up knives and forks ' and eating everything put in front of them . Fast forward five years


The map was created using data from Nasa's Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite. Areas with the least number of flashes each year are grey and purple; areas with the largest number of lightning flashes - as many as 150 per year per square kilometer (0.4 square miles) - are bright pink.


Wendy Davis says fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies to pay wages so low. She says the raise is not nearly enough to help workers have a voice in determining workplace conditions. Davis: McDonald's and other companies need to stop trying to prevent their workers from speaking out together in a union.


The Modern family star ` is content to leave her fertilized eggs frozen indefinitely ' her attorney says . Loeb has filed a lawsuit to stop the actress destroying two frozen embryos , according to legal documents obtained by In Touch . Embryos were fertilized using her eggs and his sperm in November 2013 , six months before they split up , it is claimed . Former couple previously tried to use surrogate to have children twice during their relationship , but procedures failed , according to the lawsuit . Recent reports suggest that the Colombian-born actress insisted her 44-year-old assistant be a surrogate despite her now ex 's objections . Lawsuit also claims that Vergara was ` physically and mentally abusive ' to Loeb during their almost-four-year relationship .


ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton . The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed . The severe cuts that Sky have been forced to make since agreeing their £ 11m-a-match Premier League deal is apparent even in the Caribbean .


Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall , 34 , and his girlfriend Maxine Cher , 24 , adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . The lamb has been living with Sandy in his Lower East Side apartment , and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention . But city officials are now demanding that he is sent back to the farm .


Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for # 2.3 million in January . The 16-year-old has trained with Carlo Ancelotti 's first team regularly . The Norwegian wonderkid has found life tough at the Spanish giants . He was dropped by Zinedine Zidane from Castilla earlier this month . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .


Diego Simeone has worked wonders with La Liga side Atletico Madrid . Simeone is often remembered for his notorious role in the sending off of Davaid Beckham during England 's clash against Argentina in 1998 . He led Atletico to the La Liga title and Champions League final last year . Argentine boss would be perfect for the Premier League , but clubs are wary of his style of management . When Man City choose a new manager , it will be someone who can help to bring tiki-taka football .


Les Abend : There were likely warning signs during the co-pilot 's training . He says Andreas Lubitz had to go through many challenges to qualify to be a co-pilot .


Abused Muslim couple are ` hardworking , honest and kind ' They moved from Pakistan years ago for a better life in Australia . Stacey Eden , 23 , stood up for them as woman launched train rant . Mr and Mrs Batthi 's mosque have made her an extraordinarily kind offer . They will pay for her to visit the Gold Coast and their mosque for a day . Police sources have confirmed an investigation ` definitely ' underway . The identity of the ranter remains unknown .


The ICC confirm Mustafa Kamal 's departure as president . Kamal unhappy with umpires after India beat Bangladesh at the World Cup . There will be no immediate replacement for Kamal .


Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo , 42 , shares her talents with images of the Northern Lights and other locations . The teacher of photography and post-production teaches courses all over Italy and recently visited Iceland . She reveals some tips on the best way to capture the Northern Lights and night skies in all their glory .


Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray in the Miami Open final 7-6 4-6 6-0. Serbian world No 1 won the match in straight sets to claim his fifth Miami Open winner's trophy. Murray has had a good enough week to walk down the aisle with Kim Sears having got back to world No 3.


Serie A giants Inter Milan are stepping up their efforts to sign Yaya Toure . Roberto Mancini is keen on working with the midfielder once again . Manchester City will offer Toure new deal at the end of the season . Toure scored in Manchester City 's 2-1 defeat at Selhurst Park . READ : Toure accused by Carragher of ducking out of the way of Puncheon 's free-kick . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .


Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us. The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were. The explanation is because although they get a lot more affection and attention from their parents, their parents have high expectations.


Tim Bresnan pushing for Test recall as LV = County Championship begins . Bresnan last played in the England whites in the winter Ashes of 2013/14 . He reached 400 first class wickets as Yorkshire face Leeds-Bradford MCCU . The right-arm quick took 30 wickets in 10 games at 31.57 last season . Yorkshire begin title defence on April 14 against Worcestershire .


Benefits cheat Ian Drinnan , 58 , claimed had he could barely walk or bend . Blackpool Rangers coach claimed £ 3,500 in disability benefits for arthritis . But he was caught out after being filmed erecting goal posts for his team .


Two fishermen from Clacton , Essex , had to be rescued from their DIY boat . The fishermen had taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue . They scavenged wood , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue . The pair spent just # 9 on silicone sealant to hold the boat together . They were scuppered when an oar snapped 200


Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee , students at Troy University , are charged with sexual battery . Police found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape during an unrelated shooting . The Bay County Sheriff 's Office Criminal Investigations Division has identified the victim in the video .


Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, said she watched the Olympic champion's dramatic ABC interview with Diane Sawyer. Bruce, who has a son Burt, 36 and a daughter Cassandra, 34, with Chrystie, revealed he identified as a woman during a prime time interview with Diane Sawyer on Friday night.


Prosecutor Marilyn Mosby has only been on the job since January . She comes from a long line of police officers . `` I think that she will follow where the evidence leads . I do not think she will follow just public opinion , '' says a supporter .


Lee Cattermole missed Sunderland 's 1-0 defeat to West Ham on March 21 . Midfielder has missed the last two games through suspension . The 27-year-old was unavailable for Dick Advocaat 's first game in charge of the Black Cats . He was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on Sunday . Sunderland sit just a point clear of the relegation zone with eight games to


Finnish methods include pupils working in small groups or independently . In 2006 Finland was second in world for maths , but down to 12th by 2012 . During period its test scores dropped 29 points in maths and 23 in reading . Michael Gove has argued for return to traditional teacher-led lessons .


the queen's annual visit to newbury's opening ended with two near-misses . capel path, ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute, finished third to richard hannon’s desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap . the queen’s hannon-trained two-year-old ring of truth looked the one who got away .


Michelle O'Clee said bigamist husband 's lies could be from Grisham thriller . She turned to friend Myleene Klass after discovering tangled web of deceit . Andrew O'Clee said he was forced to live in ` safe house ' to live double life . Bigamist even gave an identical platinum ring to second wife Philippa , 30 .


More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since March 26 , a Saudi official says . A nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since then , the official adds . Yemen has been descending into chaos since Houthis forced President Hadi from power in January .


Thousands of dead fish were found at a lake in Huizhou City in southern China 's Guangdong Province on Friday . Owner of a fish farm which operates from the lake says he found evidence the water was polluted with ammonia . He claims the loss of 100 tonnes of fish overnight will cost him over 1 million RMB -LRB- £ 110,000 -RRB- in potential sales . Employees are working to save any live animals by adding salt to the water to restore the chemical imbalance .


Anthony Mann admitted killing his wife Janet who suffered from dementia . Court heard how she begged for him to bring her suffering to an end . He stabbed her in the chest after she became distressed at their home . After stabbing her , Mann , 78 , kissed his wife and told her : ` I love you ' Mann pleaded guilty to amended charge of manslaughter with diminished responsibility .


Oscar-winning actress Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles to autograph copies of her new children 's book . Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line , demanding refunds and storming out of the store in disgust . Octavia said ` no touching , no coming around the table to take a photo ' She would not engage - fans had to tell assistant their name , she wrote it on a sticky and handed it to actress . When man approached with a photo of Octavia for her to sign she said , ` I 'm NOT doing that '


Lindsay Jo Rimer , 13 , went missing from Hebden Bridge 20 years ago . Her body was found five months later , weighed down in Rochdale canal . Kate , her sister , has spoken out as 20th anniversary of her death approaches in a bid to try and trace Lindsay Jo 's murderer . Ms Rimer said the last 20 years have been like a ` life sentence ' for family .


Former Arsenal defender impressed by Chilean star 's debut season . Says Sanchez would be close to winning a place in best Gunners teams . Arsenal are second in Premier League after eight-match winning run . They also face Reading this Saturday in semi-finals of FA Cup . READ : Arsenal have doubts over signing Liverpool star Sterling .


Ivan Rakitic celebrated St George 's Day with his wife and daughter . The Barcelona midfielder played the whole game in Tuesday 's PSG win . Barcelona lead La Liga by two points and are in Champions League semis . CLICK HERE for Sportsmail 's lowdown on the Champions League final four . Who will win the Champions League ? Our reporters have their say ...


Dwayne Harvard , 46 , has been charged with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and DUI . Harvard , from Springdale , Pennsylvania , had an argument with Steven Sutton , 36 , Sunday night and struck Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer . Harvard claims he was furious that Sutton was giving Sutton 's girlfriend , Anna Mazzetti , a ride home . The two


Novak Djokovic beat qualifier Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 . World number one will now face Andreas Haider-Maurer in the next round . David Ferrer joins Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the third round . Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer on Wednesday . Juan Monaco and Lucas Pouille will face Stan Wawrinka and Rafael Nadal .


swansea drew 1-1 with everton at goodison park on saturday . jonjo shelvey scored from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea . seamus coleman handled in the penalty area for everton .


Olly Barkley has signed a contract extension at London Welsh . The Exiles were relegated from the Aviva Premiership this season . Fly half Barkley is keen to fire the Welsh back up to the top flight . CLICK HERE for all the latest rugby unions news .


Group released in northern Iraq made up of 40 children , women and elderly . Were piled onto a minibus that then drove them to peshmerga positions . Prisoners spent nearly a year in Isis captivity , Kurdish military has said . No explanation has been given as to why the 216 Yazidis were released .


Authors warn President Obama must be clear about radical Islam threat . Al Qaeda still a looming threat , they say .


Passengers joined 1km-long queue outside Tribhuwan International Airport . Guards unable to control sheer number of people attempting to flee Kathmandu . Many had already booked journeys but wanted to board next possible flight . Airport was briefly closed down yesterday due to aftershock from quake .


Charlotte Crosby was criticised for her slim frame on social media . The star has lost more than two and a half stone in the past year . Her Geordie Shore cast mates have also shed the pounds . A doctor warns that they could be taking their diets too far .


The 79th Masters Tournament starts on Thursday at Augusta National . Rory McIlroy tees off his bid for a Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson . Tiger Woods returns to action and plays in group with Jamie Donaldson .


Three attackers charged over vicious beating that was caught on camera . Tibor Racsits , 42 , and daughter Kiara , 13 , were attacked on Sunday night . He 'd gone to pick her up from the movies in Newcastle , north of Sydney . Footage shows group of boys kicking Mr Racsits in the stomach and head . Kiara ran to help her father but was slammed face-first into the concrete .


Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks basketball game on Tuesday night . One of his favorite NFL players was watching from the sidelines - Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt . When he finished , the 26-year-old athlete ran across the court to congratulate him , with the heartwarming moment caught on camera .


roger, an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan . sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it . mr barnes attempted to take the bunny off roger but was met with hostility .


Shawn Izzo is alleged to have used ` excessive force ' on Ariana Mason . Ariana said she needed 26 stitches and that her teeth were broken . She admits punching the officer but ` did n't realise ' he was with police .


Police officer in Sand Springs , Oklahoma , shot Donald Allen on April 11 . Brian Barnett , 25 , killed Allen , 66 , after man made threatening statements . Bodycam footage showed Allen advancing with loaded , 22-caliber pistol . Sand Springs Police Department turned findings over to Tulsa County DA . Video was released after being recovered from a malfunctioning camera .


John Howard , 66 , took cash from Overseas Press and Media Association . He had been a member for 30 years but left company facing bankruptcy . Father-of-three enjoyed monthly £ 300 meals and sent money to his wife . Howard was jailed for two and a half years at Canterbury Crown Court .


Eileen Dee was being treated for cancer when she caught the lethal bug . Her husband René has spoken of watching her die just five days later . Several hospital rooms , including Eileen 's , found to have traces of bacteria . Mr Dee is now suing the hospital trust in Brighton for clinical negligence .


Tony Toutouni has amassed 750,000 followers on photo-sharing site in eight months thanks to outrageous posts . LA-based entrepreneur is endlessly surrounded by supercars , piles of cash and bikini-clad women in pictures . He 's friends with controversial Instagram playboy Dan Bilzerian and says ` it 's not hard to get any girl you want '


England beat China 2-1 at Manchester City 's Academy Stadium . Fran Kirby and Jodie Taylor scored for the home side . The 21-year-old was player of the match when England played the United States in February . China 's Wang Shanshan pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute . England made their first change after 61 minutes as Toni Duggan replaced Jade Moore . It was


ap mccoy finished third on box office in his last-ever race at sandown . the arsenal jockey was reduced to tears after finishing third on box office . mccoy predicted someone will break his numerous racing records . arsene wenger, manager of mccoy's beloved arsenal, congratulated him .


ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire . bell has played 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england . 32-year-old has won five trophies with warwickshire, including the county championship in 2004 and 2012, the b&h cup in 2002, the clydesdale bank 40 in 2010 and most recently the natwest t20 blast at edgbaston last season .


Unidentified woman boarded the driver 's bus in Ozone Park , Queens . She recorded him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms . Bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance . Driver has been taken out of passenger service while agency investigates .


Andy Lee is confident of improvement in his boxing from last year. Lee is making his first defence of his WBO middleweight belt. The Irishman is making his first defence of the title he won against Matt Korobov.


Schoolboy Xiao Gao , 11 , drank water spiked with perfume and chalk dust . He has not spoken since the prank which went wrong five days ago . Doctors ca n't explain sudden voice loss and think it may be psychological .


The two-month-old baby seal came up for a hug on Antarctic Peninsula . Despite being a pup , the seal is believed to have weighed 200 lbs . Adorable cuddle caught on camera by Canadian tourists .


Fred Pagan , 49 , was paid $ 160,000 in his Senate role last year . He is accused of buying the drugs to exchange for sexual favors . Pagan has worked for Sen . Thad Cochran since he was 16 years old .


Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd . The former NFL star has pleaded not guilty in Lloyd 's death in June 2013 . Hernandez 's fiancee says she did n't know what was in a box he told her to dispose of .


Peter Kelly and a friend were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River on Tuesday when they heard three rowdy men across the water . They asked them to be quiet and an argument ensued for three hours . The three men asked Kelly and his friend to come over so they drove to the Wisconsin side , where a fight unfolded and Kelly was fatally stabbed . Kelly , who volunteered as a high school wrestling coach in his spare time , leaves behind a wife and five children , all under the age of nine .


Injured trio Franck Ribery , Mehdi Benatia , David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as Bayern Munich attempted to overturn a 3-1 deficit against Porto . The German giants raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-1 on aggregate .


Faysal Mohamed , 17 , pulled over along with two friends in Minneapolis . The teens managed to film threatening language used by Officer Rod Webber . Claim the officers trained their guns on the teenagers but let them go without charge .


The United Nations Relief and Works Agency chief will visit Yarmouk camp Saturday . Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there . Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012 .


Reports claim that Edinson Cavani and Zlatan Ibrahimovic do not get on . Uruguay striker says he and Ibrahimovic have a respectful relationship . But former Napoli striker Cavani admits the pair are not close friends . Cavani does , however , take issue with being played out of position .


Police revealed they are ` vigorously perusing ' paedophile ring theory . Parents of William Tyrrell have released a plea for his safe return . ` We ca n't live like this , ' mother said as search entered its seventh month . Police say search of NSW bushland is reaching the conclusion stage . Divers were brought in to search a murky dam in a bush reserve . William Tyrrell vanished from his home in Kendall , NSW in September 2014 .


Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon. But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy.


Spanish national María Jose Carrascosa , 49 , was jailed in 2006 after refusing to return her daughter to the custody of her father in New Jersey . She was released Friday , in part because her estranged ex Peter Innes wrote a letter asking the court to do what 's best for their daughter , now 14 . Carrascosa , now the focus of widespread media attention in Spain , plans to return to Valencia as soon as possible to be with her daughter . The two have already had a tearful reunion after Carrascosa 's release via Skype .


A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she ca n't bear to eat alone . In an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views , puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to Clyde . Bonne was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato , which means mixed breed or street dog . Due to extreme poverty , the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .


A company called CyArk specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture . Founded by an Iraqi-born engineer , it plans to preserve 500 World Heritage sites within five years .


Researchers from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16. They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children's motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.


The female , named Varvara , swam 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,500 km -RRB- from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico . Experts used satellite-monitoring tags to track three Western North Pacific gray whales from their primary feeding ground off Russia 's Sakhalin Island across the Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the US to Baja , Mexico . They found she


Kenyans use hashtag # 147notjustanumber to honor victims of Kenya university attack . The attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .


Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer . The Colombian striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay £ 46million to make the loan permanent . Louis van Gaal 's side are unlikely to take up that option .


Laura Stevens , 38 , who lives in Paris , suffered a painful relationship break-up . British photographer asked friends and women she met to pose for photos of ` how she was feeling ' Therapeutic , personal project is called Another November -LRB- the month in which she and her partner separated -RRB-


Over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi , which lies 68 miles -LRB- 110 km -RRB- west of Baghdad . ISIS had already blocked off access from the south months ago , and the west was contested territory . Cars are not permitted to cross this bridge across the Euphrates .


Valbona Yzeiraj , of White Plains , New York , was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault . Authorities said the 45-year-old woman , from White Plains , did injections in people 's mouths and performed root canals . When her boss was out , she allegedly pulled on a white coat and called herself ` Dr Val '


The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh's Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. The mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, got its first noise complaint in August 2014.


President Barack Obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors, likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker. Obama told NPR Morning Edition host Steve Inskeep that such an approach 'would be foolish' Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying. 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working'


Toby Alderweireld is on loan at Southampton from Atletico Madrid . Belgian defender can join permanently in the summer for just £ 6.8 million . But Atletico may want to bring him back to the Vicente Calderon . Manchester City and Tottenham also interested in the defender . Alderweireld focused on helping Saints qualify for Europe .


Ryan Bertrand was fifth left back to be called up by England last month . Bertrand only included after injuries to Leighton Baines , Luke Shaw and Danny Rose . He replaced Kieran Gibbs in second half away in Italy . Bertrand belives he should be higher up the England pecking order .


` Retrosweat ' aerobics classes allow attendees to ` forget 2015 for an hour ' Classes dress up in skimpy leotards and work up a sweat to Eighties hits . Classes currently run in Sydney 's Alexandria and Surry Hills . Founder Shannon Dooley also offers ` Dial-A-Sweat ' class for hens parties .


Photograph showed mysterious pair of boots behind little girl . No one else was there , says the little girl 's father , who took the picture . Martin Springall said their picture was not Photoshopped . He also said no one was standing behind the girl . Sceptics believe it could be a rocky outcrop or trick of the light . ` I really do n't like dwelling on stuff like this , to be honest - it freaks me out ' ` I 'm about as skeptical as they come when it comes to the paranormal , so your guess is as good as mine '


James Haskell dresses in Iron Man costume and posts it on Instagram . The Avengers : Age of Ultron move hit the screens in England this week . Haskell returned to London Wasps for the 2012 season and is captain .


pelvic organ prolapse, or pop, affects millions of british women . it occurs when tissue supporting pelvic organs becomes weak . complications include discomfort during sex and stress incontinence .


fight broke out at resort world casino in queens, new york, friday night . two women allegedly clashed during a long line for drinks . they allegedly dragged a group of friends into the brawl . four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl .


Egypt , Saudi Arabia to launch joint military maneuvers inside Saudi borders . The arms embargo applies to the Houthis and backers of ex-President Saleh . Russia abstains from the U.N. Security Council vote over the inclusion of sanctions .


Food52 's Not Sad Desk Lunch series has inspiring midday meal ideas . Simple crackers and cheese or go complicated with stuffed steamed buns . British workers spend an average of of £ 1,840 a year on takeaway lunch . Preparing your lunch at home could see a saving of up to £ 1,300 a year .


Xabi Alonso admits he has his sights on some personal glory as Bayern Munich prepare for the Champions League. The Spaniard won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool in 2005. The 33-year-old is now the second player to win three Champions Leagues with three different clubs.


Walter Smith believes Ally McCoist deserves another managerial job . Ibrox legend believes McCoist still has something to offer in football . McCoist is still being paid £ 14,000 a week while his notice period runs out .


For the first time in Nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party . President-elect Muhammadu Buhari , 72 , defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes . Many Nigerians said they saw President Jonathan as an ineffectual leader who was indecisive in dealing with the terror group Boko Haram . The elections were largely predicted to be violent and everyone , Nigerians included , expected


Cesc Fabregas wore protective face mask during Chelsea clash with QPR . Midfielder scored the winning goal as Chelsea claimed a 1-0 victory . Spaniard broke his nose in a challenge with Charlie Adam last Saturday . Chelsea midfielder travelled to Italy to have a protective mask fitted . Ortholabsport have also made masks for Petr Cech and Fernando Torres .


Nicola Sturgeon said she would work with Ed Miliband 's left-wing backbenchers . She also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens and Plaid Cymru . ` I do n't think the country can afford more austerity , ' she said . She said she could never ever support a Tory government .


John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies . His son Jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month in the yard of the house his family had rented in Scottsdale for spring training . Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment . Axford will be out for at least three days and a maximum of a week .


khayree gay, 31, was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city, south carolina . gay, who is originally from feltonville, pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia . the 53-year-old female employee of the national watch and diamond exchange in downtown philadelphia was leaving work on april 4 when she was driven to the building's roof and shot with a


Sophie , 50 , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes . Beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation . Autumn Phillips , 36 , wife of the Queen 's grandson Peter Phillips , made up the four royal ladies .


David Raven scored the winner as Inverness Caledonian Thistle beat Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park . The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years . Celtic should have had a penalty when sub keeper Lukasz Zaluska bulldozed into the back of an opponent . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths said : ` We should be ashamed of themselves ' Celtic are like the


Million-year-old star MWC 480 is ` brimming ' with carbon-based molecules . Scientists say there is enough methyl cyanide to fill all of Earth 's oceans . As MWC 480 evolves it is likely the molecules will move closer to the star . Here , the conditions may be suitable for life to flourish , scientists believe .


a 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a building in kathmandu . a u.s. team rescues 30 people, including three americans, by helicopter .


James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua starting Monday . The quick needs four scalps to become England top Test wicket taker . He was called ` Pro Killer ' as a teen knocking over batsmen for Burnley . Mark Butcher recalls Jimmy 's Test debut at Lord 's back in 2003 .


In rural China , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice . China 's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases . The dancers in the two cases were held in `` administrative detention , '' the report added .


Frontex says the EU's border agency is not coordinating search and rescue efforts. The UK says search and rescue operations in international waters are "an unintended 'pull factor' The EU has been criticized for not doing enough to help the migrants.


the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants . however, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact 'misbranded'


Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiap showed off their ripped torso 's . The fight is just over two weeks away on May 2 , at the MGM in Las Vegas . The $ 300million bout is touted as the biggest in the history of boxing .


Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 . The Uruguayan had a slow start at the club but is now in impressive form . He has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games and six from six in Europe . His relationship with Lionel Messi and Neymar has reaped rewards .


William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort. Police are offering a reward for information leading to the arrest of Kerr.


Ralph Cramer , 70 , and his wife , Lynn , 59 , were returning home from the Creekside Café at 9 p.m. on Sunday when the crash occured . First responders arrived to find they had died from multiple traumatic injuries . The vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn , then went off the road and hit an embankment . The vehicle was a restored 1923 Model T Ford with new elements .


Sol Campbell is part of a campaign to encourage minorities to vote . He joins David Harewood , Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan . Campbell has often said he is interested in a career in politics . He ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington .


Hill says the other teams in the relegation struggle will be worried . QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa in six-pointer on Tuesday night . Rangers remain two points shy of safety in the Premier League table . Defender Hill is encouraged by four points taken from last two matches .


Israeli law says the Prime Minister must form his government in less than 42 days . Netanyahu cites government stability and reaching `` agreement on important issues '' as reasons he needs additional time .


Chris Riley , 56 , from Dorset , says Turner has the technique all wrong . Mr Riley , who says his look is more Iggy Pop , says being topless is a no-no . Meanwhile fans have complained about lack of shirtless scenes last night . Poldark kept his shirt on for the whole of Sunday night 's episode . Disappointed fans complained about the oversight on Twitter .


The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern European fisheries . Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s . But the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .


For 25 years , Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti . Many come from Somalia , Ethiopia and especially Eritrea -- which is ruled by a one-party state . Despite the risks , Eritrean refugees say they 'd risk their lives with people smugglers .


Manny Pacquiao made his arrival at the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas . The Filipino takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on Saturday . The fight will be the richest of all time , grossing more than $ 300million . Pacquiao is confident he can end Mayweather 's unbeaten record .


Football and rugby stars met in crossbar challenge for St George 's Day . Arsenal 's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill of Chelsea took on Bath star George Ford and Exeter Chief 's Jack Nowell . England fly-half Ford came closest to winning by skimming the bar .


Chris Early , who owns a production company in Knoxville , Tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials . However , he decided he could use it for personal monitoring purposes too . Early released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions . The clip shows how he is able monitor his child 's location from the sky .


Red fox spots a deer bone among a group of black crows on a frozen lake in Furen in Japan and goes in to take it . But the animal is challenged by two advancing large eagles who surround him as he holds bone in his jaws . As the fox and eagles clash , it becomes clear the young fox is destined to lose the battle against his larger foes .


Some observers applaud Abbott 's beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen . The Prime Minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in Australia .


John Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a bust-up on the training ground last week. Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the squad. Carver says there was a 'situation on the training ground' which happens at every club.


A member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet . TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect . The company said there were no health issues arising from the incident .


Around 100,000 children a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will be forced to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.


Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate . MPs particularly highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible .


Staff heard baby crying in the ladies' toilet at a fast-food restaurant in Chengdu, Sichuan province. Worker who found the baby was established to be the mother and was arrested. Yuan Yen, 34, was found to have blood on her when she was approached.


The women of Japan swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy . Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne . Berry native to the Rocky Mountains that 's been used by tribes for years . Its compounds give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits .


Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating incident after the video was posted online. One of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in West Village. The officer has been named by the New York Daily News as Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's joint terrorism task force.


Liam Linford Oliver-Christie caught during police raid in west London . Officers found haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with help of sniffer dog . They saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his flat . Admitted drugs possession at court and will be sentenced next month .


Chris Ball made a video to say goodbye to his family before taking his life . He told them they were not to blame for his disease and that he loved them . He had been suffering from depression for two and a half years . He was turned away from Brisbane hospital due to no beds 11 days earlier . Brisbane man , 21 , is the fifth family member to have committed suicide . His mother Kerrie Keepa has started a petition to call on the government to allocate more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals .


Gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband and was jailed. Her attacker was married and she was pardoned by President Karzai. Gulnaz's plight disappeared from the world's gaze once she was pardoned.


Criticised over ` incompetent ' handling of bank 's tax evasion scandal . Announced her departure in a letter to shareholders . Follows calls by MP Margaret Hodge for Fairhead to quit BBC role .


blunder happened during yesterday's bournemouth bay 10k run . up to 300 runners were sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .


Mike Tindall bought the horse for £ 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner . After a whopping £ 105,500 payday he tweeted ` Holy s *** , I 'm lost for words and emotions . All I can say is yes the dude !!!!! '


british taekwondo star aaron cook has been granted citizenship by moldova . cook was overlooked for the great britain squad at london 2012 . the 24-year-old plans to fight for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio .


Dickerson was announced as replacement during show on Sunday . Journalist is the Chief Political Correspondent for Slate magazine . Revealed he is ` honored and excited ' by the new job . His veteran CBS colleague announced he was stepping down last week . Texas native Schieffer has been host of the show since 1991 .


Mike Downey : It seems almost silly to be writing about baseball in the context of recent events . He says the death of Freddie Gray , who died last week from a spinal cord injury . He says MLB 's decision to postpone Saturday 's game between the Orioles and the Red Sox was not without precedent . He says our deep investment in our teams is supposed to


First drawing of Yellow Submarine to fetch more than £ 10,000 at auction . Rare celluloid painting depicts vessel used in 1968 film starring Beatles . Featuring handwritten notes , it was used as a master for animation team . Yellow Submarine was a success and led to The Beatles ' 10th studio album .


Florin Andone has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba this season . The 22-year-old is valued at around # 6million by Aston Villa . The Romanian striker is currently at the bottom of La Liga . Andone was born in Romania but moved to Spain when he was 12 .


Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $ 1.4 billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii . Protesters say that the mountaintop , where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past , is on top of sacred burial ground land . A Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction . The 18-story


Scientists aim to build robot that thinks , senses and acts like honeybee . So far team has managed to replicate part of brain that allows bee to see . Green Brain Project is a collaboration between Universities of Sheffield and Sussex .


Iman Hashi, 25 and sister Siham, 27, are raising their debut album in Los Angeles. The sisters fled Somalia as refugees in 1991 after war broke out. They are now embarking on a musical journey, gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.


Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel , Essex , and flooded kitchen . They dumped the TV in bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs during the wanton wrecking spree - before stopping for bread and butter . Took jewellery , including a wedding ring , and a computer , laptop and tablet .


Ebony Dickens of East Point , Georgia , posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan . `` All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW , '' she said . The post was removed a day later , just before Dickens was arrested .


Attorneys for Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. , filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday . Lawsuit alleges that Officer Darren Wilson destroyed evidence after he shot their son on the street of the St. Louis suburb last August . Civil suit claims Brown did have his hands up in surrender when he was killed - a claim strongly disputed during last year 's investigation . They are seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages . Also called for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or underserve its African-American population '


Porto's win over German giants Bayern Munich has been celebrated in Portugal by their media. Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiola's team lose 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day, highlighting the club's fantastic performance, while Abola simply write: 'Superb!'


dr adrian quarterman of dundee university is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . satellites will orbit the earth covered in mirrors to harvest sunlight . the energy it creates can then be shot back down to earth . if it works, solar power could become viable in scotland .


25 April is the centenary of the ill-fated Gallipoli invasion by Allied troops . Allies sustained heavy loses , mown down by a better-equipped Turkish army . Beautiful peninsula is a magnet to relatives of soldiers killed in the battle . The Water Diviner , Russell Crowe 's directorial debut , is set in its aftermath .


Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C , it was found . The weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight , exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly , according to a confidential report . The German-made firearm is used by law enforcement officers across the UK .


nico rosberg wary of threat from rivals ferrari ahead of bahrain grand prix . mercedes driver describes rivals' pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' rosberg trails team-mate lewis hamilton by 17 points in drivers' standings .


Nicola Adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend's English National Championships. Adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in. Adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown with her Great Britain rival Lisa Whiteside.


Guests attending Battle of Waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat . Invitations to the event said it must not be seen as ` triumphalist ' The move was criticised by politicians as ` absurd ' political correctness .


Andrea Atzeni rides Terror in Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket . David Simcock trained 1,000 Guineas fancy is owned by Qatar Racing . Frankie Dettori has been unveiled as Newmarket 's ambassador for 2015 . John Gosden 's Faydhan is the key horse entered in the Free Handicap .


Five nursing students were killed in a crash that began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic. Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash. The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames.


Ben Wedeman joins the Calabrese , an Italian patrol boat as it traverses the Mediterranean looking for migrants . Often the crew have little to report , only coming across fishing boats or other commercial vessels . The Calabrese was involved in a rescue in October 2013 , during which more than 350 people died .


police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on thursday . the father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway . the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .


Five people were hospitalised following a crash on the Central Coast , NSW . The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other people on Thursday . Emergency services were called after a car collided head-on into a wall . The driver had apparently received her P 's on the same day of the accident . It is understood five people were in the Mitsubishi Lancer sedan . The driver and a female were taken to hospital in a serious condition . While three other passengers were taken to hospital in a stable condition .


Spain were beaten 2-0 by Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday. Spain lost their opening World Cup friendly last year against Italy. Spain boss Vicente del Bosque will be confident of finding the right mix of players to secure Spain's berth at Euro 2016.


Tory leader later insists there will be not ` bodily contact ' during debate . Cameron expected to clash with Farage on immigration and Europe . Seven-way debate will be broadcast live on ITV from 8 pm tonight . Strict rules decided who will speak and when during two-hour show .


natalie whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness . condition means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces . mother-of-two can't spot her own reflection or pick up her children .


April Fools prank went horribly wrong when the joke resulted in a fire at an apartment near a college campus in Michigan. Firefighters arrived at around 9.30am at the apartment building and the fire was contained to the upper-level of the building.


Pep Guardiola is set for contract negotiations at the end of the season . The former Barcelona boss is out of contract in the summer of 2016 . Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen does not believe Guardiola 's decision on a new contract will be influenced by money . Bayern Munich are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga .


Real Madrid take on Granada in La Liga early Sunday kick-off . Carlo Ancelotti 's side four points off Barcelona in the title race . Real were beaten 2-1 in El Clasico last time out before international break .


Gang of four held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year . They were then spotted trying to escape along the M42 in a stolen Seat Leon . The chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter , that had been following the gang as they tried to escape . Eventually the Seat became boxed in by the police vehicles , with the gang attempting to ram the cars out of the way .


Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 on Tuesday to reach Champions League semi-final . Xavi came on at half-time to make his 148th appearance in the competition . It is more than any other player but Iker Casillas can equal it on Wednesday . Xavi also broke the record for most knockout stage appearances with 53 .


xavi recently travelled to qatar to discuss a possible switch to al sadd . the midfielder has managed just five starts in 21 games this season . luis enrique believes xavi has a vital role to play in the treble hunt .


Ronaldo scored five times in Real Madrid 's 9-1 win over Granada . It takes his total to 11 goals in eight matches against them . But Granada have got off lightly compared to some teams he has faced . Ronaldo has 18 goals in 12 against Sevilla ; 15 in 20 versus Atletico . Portuguese has 15 goals in nine against Getafe and 12 in six vs Celta Vigo .


the indianapolis metropolitan police department is changing its blue uniforms . command staff members will wear white shirts .


AP McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle . He was reduced to tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand . McCoy said : ` All records are broken . I just hope I am dead when they do ' Arsene Wenger , manager of McCoy 's beloved Arsenal , congratulated him . Steve Redgrave , Britain 's greatest Olympian , summed it up


Tim Sherwood has had an instant impact since taking over at Aston Villa . The 46-year-old has won five out his ten games in charge at the club . Sherwood led Villa to a 2-1 win over Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final . Sportsmail looks into the five key reasons behind his immediate success . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .


pontiff made comments at a 100th anniversary mass on sunday . turkey summoned vatican ambassador in ankara in protest . country said it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in pope francis .


the photograph is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography in his office at geelong college . mr barr resigned from his position after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on snapchat . mr barr is a former chairman of the association of heads of independent schools of australia .


eight-minute video shows men kneeling in middle of road in deir ez-zor, syria . militant brandishing sharpened sword stands behind them as they are beheaded . comes just one day after isis claimed to have killed 30 ethiopian christians in libya .


One man 's entrepreneurial quest turned into unexpected success . `` 100 Days of Rejection '' took Jiang out of his comfort zone . It 's the fear of rejection , more than rejection itself , which holds us back .


The FA Cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years. The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend's semi-finals at Wembley. The Gunners are favourites against the Championship side.


Search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size . Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for the remains . So far , they 've covered about 60 % of the priority search zone without reporting any trace of the airliner .


Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a transfer away from Wolfsburg . His agent Patrick De Koster says that clubs are watching the Belgian but denies a deal is in place with any team to buy the talented playmaker . De Bruyne has starred for the German side this season in the Bundesliga .


french photographer and illustrator, thomas lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas . the space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed 'sky art' .


` N ' , who was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood . She still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse . ` I cry out in my sleep almost every night . I dream that it -LRB- the abuse -RRB- is happening again . I need to take pills to sleep , ' she said . She was one of


Arsenal have shown an interest in Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling . However Sterling 's recent behaviour has troubled Arsenal 's hierarchy . Sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide . Man City , Man United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterling 's situation . READ : Real Madrid ARE keen on signing Sterling , says Zinedine Zidane . READ : Sterling pictured AGAIN with shisha pipe ... this time with Jordan Ibe .


Anti-immigrant protests have been ongoing in South Africa for two weeks and at least five people have been killed . Foreign nationals have been loading trucks with their wares as they flee Johannesburg and neighbouring towns . Protesters are angry about foreigners in the country when unemployment is high and wealth is n't distributed equally . Immigrants wielding machetes have clashed with police as they hunt for locals that targeted foreign shop owners .


Pair named as Jamie Richardson and Daniel Taylor from West Sussex . They are fined $ 3,000 each , but say they only have $ 700 between them . If fine can not be paid , two men face jail terms of four months respectively . Boeing 787-8 was bound for Cancun after leaving London Gatwick . Pilot made decision to divert to Bermuda due to ` disruptive passengers '


Loeb says he filed the lawsuit and does n't want want money from his `` ex '' Nick Loeb reportedly wants to prevent Vergara from destroying the embryos . Vergara spoke of freezing embryos with Loeb in a 2013 interview .


Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 . The incident happened on a highway in Nevada near Boulder City .


Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily went missing on March 30 . Pair were visiting their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Iona 's husband , co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 . The mother 's stepson , George Costello Jr , 45 , has a long history of drug arrests . He is currently in jail


Barry Hawkins qualified for next round with 10-9 win over Matthew Selt . The 2013 finalist led 7-2 overnight however Selt launched comeback . Hawkins held on to win after Selt reeled off five frames in a row .


Ralph Vaughan Williams 's Lark Ascending topped Classic FM Hall of Fame . It has been voted nation 's favourite piece of classical music . It was played as Hayley took a lethal cocktail on Coronation Street last year . The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games .


inverness defender josh meekings could have missed a scottish cup final because a referee and his assistants failed to see a handball in last sunday’s semi-final victory over celtic . pfa scotland chief executive fraser wishart renewed his call for member clubs to put the genie back in the bottle .


Arkansas attorney Sarah Sparkman observed women are sexualized on TV . Someone replied and mentioned Britt McHenry , but did n't tag the reporter . However , McHenry found the post and began lashing out at Sparkman . She called her a ` rando ' , insulted her appearance , and mocked her for ` bashing more successful ppl on Twitter ' Echoes how McHenry told tow clerk : ` I 'm on TV , you 're in a f -- ing trailer '


diesel model winnie harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition as michael jackson . she was unveiled as one of the newest faces of fashion label diesel earlier this year .


Kim Kardashian revealed that she is going to great lengths to keep her designer wardrobe mint condition. The 34-year-old explained that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits. Kim has named her Givenchy wedding dress, which she wore last May to wed Kanye West, as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection.


Margaret Tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal novelties for 40 years . The retired charity worker has amassed a collection worth £ 10,000 . Most of the items are novelties but there are more expensive pieces . Among them are a £ 1,200 Wedgwood bust of the Prince of Wales . Collection is spread through four rooms , one of which is devoted to Diana . The ` Memorial Room ' includes a special ceiling fresco and stained glass . Margaret Tyler appears on Collectaholics , tonight at 7 pm on BBC2 .


girl, named locally as leah price, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries . a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff heard crying and shouting . she said: 'i heard crying in a van, it was such a drama. i went outside to see what was happening. i could hear crying in a van' .


Michelle Woods discovered the snake in the bathroom of her new home . Her four-year-old daughter Elisha Mann first spotted the reptile in the bath . She believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant . Ms Woods called the RSPCA but they were unable to help . So she posted an appeal on Facebook and a local woman recognised the snake .


Bath face Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night . Sam Burgess has been selected in the back row by Mike Ford . Bath were knocked out of the European Champions Cup by Leinster . Click here for all the latest Bath news . CLICK HERE for the latest rugby union news .


Christine Lillico , 47 , stole almost £ 80,000 from her parents over six years . Frail father left so poor before his death he was forced to go without phone . She spent the money on Xbox , shopping sprees and photography services . Lillico has now been jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to fraud .


Brent Council said it was no longer able to pay for a live-in carer. Robert Clark, who has had a fund-raising appeal set up in his name, is one of Britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war. He has already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.


Six protesters scale the Polar Pioneer , hundreds of miles northwest of Hawaii . Greenpeace opposes Shell 's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic .


Car first designed to help French farmers transport their sheep for sale . From humble origins the 50-year-old hatchback is popular the world over . Accounting for two thirds of cars sold in the UK it dominates most markets .


Viktoria's crestfallen reaction as she witnessed the scene for the first time was captured on camera by her father. Barles Charkley posted the short video on his Facebook page on Saturday. The video has so far garnered more than four million views.


Leaked report suggests G36 rifle did not shoot straight when it overheated . German army carried out tests and none of the 304 assault rifles passed . The weapon is used by British counterterrorism officers across the UK . An urgent Home Office review has been called for in light of the findings .


Mei Ru , 50 , was visiting local supermarket with husband Song Ming , 53 . CCTV shows she stopped car and Mr Ming got out , standing behind it . Mrs Ru then reverses knocking husband over and backing over him . Surgeons were unable to save Mr Song , who died of internal bleeding .


olivier rousteing says kim and kanye embody the idea of a modern family . the 29-year-old creative director says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody the idea of a modern family . the french designer regularly dresses kim and her siblings for the red carpet .


Timothy Eli Thompson was born without nasal passages or sinus cavities . Mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son that a pro-life group posted about his story because it was too controversial . A post she wrote about it was shared 30,000 times and photo was put back . Eli had to have a tracheotomy and family now has a GoFundMe page for him . Mother-of-three calls him ` the most beautiful boy I 've ever laid eyes on '


Trial for Aurora theater shooting suspect begins Monday . Survivors say the shooting changed their lives , but does n't define it .


William ` Frankie ' Dugan , 29 , and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo were charged in March after they allegedly committed sodomy , incest and exploitation against two children , aged 5 and 6 . Muskogee police department said that investigators believed that there were other victims , aged between four and 21 .


"Sopranos" producers David Chase and Mark Burnett reveal the ending. Chase says the show's ending is a master class on how to build tension. Chase: "There's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up"


Clegg names the first of his ` Premier League policies ' as price of support . Would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards . Lib Dems say it covers every stage of education ` from cradle to college ' But insiders admit the party could lose as many as 20 seats on May 7 .


Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the toughest job in football . Chilean manager is under pressure following their title race capitulation . Pellegrini was tasked with winning back-to-back league titles at the Etihad . But , poor recent form has seen them tamely drop away from the pace .


Hernandez was moved on Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Massachusetts . He had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013 . Souza-Baranowski is Massachusetts ' newest and most advanced prison . Hernandez 's cell will have a bunk , writing desk and stool , a combination sink and toilet and room for a TV , if he wants to spend $ 200 .


Finley Lamb suffers from Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia. He has a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy. He has been unable to walk and talk and has developed a healthy lifestyle.


mary murphy, 66, and john wood, 67, died at their home in failsworth, manchester . police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but now believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident . miss murphy had lived at the property all of her life, having looked after her elderly parents .


# a ** holeparents is a hashtag on Instagram to expose ` flawed parenting ' Parents posts pictures of their children crying with the hashtag . Children are shown crying because they are being fed and cleaned . ` I would n't let her have a knife , ' captioned one snap of a child sobbing . The hashtag has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world .


Diego de Girolamo 's Sheffield United deal expires at the end of the season . Portuguese club Benfica have asked about the Italy Under 20 forward . De Girolamo is currently on loan at League Two club Northampton .


Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man 's funeral . The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased 's own wife . They danced around the casket to Maroon 5 's Moves Like Jagger . Mourners were more interested in filming the dancers than remembering their friend .


Elijah McCrae's heartbroken parents, Jessica and Andrew, remembered the 'happiest baby ever', after he died in his mother's arms on Monday evening. In a series of heartbreaking posts, Ms McCrae documented the gut-wrenching final stages of their beloved son's fight for life.


Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been found guilty of ignoring a notice to improve a property he co-owns in Accrington , Lancashire . House had broken windows and doors with rubbish strewn across a yard . The terrace property was left derelict by the owners for three years . Liverpool manager suffered defeat by Aston Villa in the FA Cup on Sunday .


A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized . The adults were described as being in fair condition but ` clearly emotionally distraught ' The events that led up to the accident are unknown . The victims have not been identified but they have been confirmed as a family . Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero .


Antonio Valente , from Dallas , Texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich , who lives in Vienna , two weeks ago . She told him that someone using the name ` Johnson Michael Lynn ' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online . He said he wanted to marry her and


Matthew Riches allegedly spiked a woman 's drink with the drug MDMA . Accused of dropping the drug in her drink so he could have sex with her . The 29-year-old now set to go on trial at Isleworth Crown Court in August .


Study found 60 % of prawns tested had traces of harmful bacteria . Included E.coli , antibiotic resistant MRSA , salmonella and vibrio . Warned farmed prawns are more likely to trigger violent food poisoning . Majority of supermarket prawns from Indian , Thai and Indonesian farms .


Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle. When all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying.


Concert will be part of the three-day commemoration of end of WWII . Status Quo , Katherine Jenkins and boy band Blue are set to perform . There will be a Service of Remembrance on VE Day at The Cenotaph .


Vidarbha , the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . Farmers are becoming burdened with debt due to falling prices but rising costs .


Developer 's plans to build 73 luxury flats has angered residents who live nearby Park Crescent West in London . They claim that noise and disruption caused by the building work could last five years and will ruin their lives . The crescent was originally designed by John Nash , who also created Buckingham Palace , in the early 19th century . Plans to remove the crescent 's facade and replace it with something more historically correct and accurate .


Marissa Holcomb was held up in Channelview , Texas , on March 31 . Robber held her at gunpoint and emptied $ 400 from the till . She was fired a day later after refusing to pay back the money . The store says she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till . Holcomb , five months pregnant with her fourth child , says it was busy .


Sandra Mathis , 52 , was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument . The victim was found lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck under a bridge in San Diego Sunday afternoon . Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems .


Actors Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming are set to host the 2015 Tony Awards ceremony . Best play nominees : ` The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , '' `` Disgraced , '' `` Hand to God '' and `` Wolf Hall Parts One & Two '' The awards will be presented on June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS .


the park hyatt new york hired first lady michelle obama's favourite designer, narcisco rodriguez, to re-design their uniforms . the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer, sunny fong, when overhauling their lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms .


Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. Last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'


Jimmy Anderson becomes England 's leading Test match wicket-taker . Anderson surpasses Sir Ian Botham will 384th Test dismissal . 32-year-old shuns the limelight - so unlike the angry youth we so often see on the field . Botham was always larger than life and in your face . Both are stubborn and do n't like to be told to do it any other way .


Leah Williamson reveals she could n't sleep ahead of crucial penalty retake as England earn 2-2 against Norway . Mo Marley 's side qualify for European Championships in Israel . UEFA ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake . Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England 's penalty on Saturday . England were 2-1 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute . German Kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error . It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA . Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident . READ : Graham Poll 's expert verdict on UEFA 's bizarre decision .


Hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift with help from fashion designers such as Diane von Furstenberg . What patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals access during exams . Patient satisfaction is linked to the size of Medicare payments hospitals get .


Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana , five , and Anisha , three , are among the world 's heaviest young children . Weighing 5st 5 lbs -LRB- 34 kg -RRB- , 7st 8 lbs -LRB- 48 kg -RRB- and 2st 5 lbs -LRB- 15 kg -RRB- respectively . Food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month . Now their father , who earns just £ 35 a month , is planning to sell his kidney .


Dwayne Harvard , 46 , charged with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and DUI . He claims Steven Sutton , 36 , tried to attack him at his home in Springdale . Argument over Sutton 's girlfriend , Anna Mazzetti , who was with Harvard . Harvard took off and Sutton clung to the hood of his car for 11 miles . Harvard claims he feared for his life and should not have been charged .


James Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin to break the record . Anderson surpassed Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 Test wickets . England declared on 333-7 in their second innings on day four . Alastair Cook 's side set West Indies an unlikely victory target of 438 . But the home side held firm on day five to force a draw .


Surveys found that men in U.S. special operations forces do not think women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs. They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units. Some of those concerns were not limited to men, but also were found among women in special operations jobs.


The Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters . The 19-year-old has been tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy . Neil won the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and the British Amateur Championship last year .


west indies have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach phil simmons . sheldon cottrell, miguel cummins, shane dowrich, shannon gabriel, leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all stood down . hope and brathwaite have both been retained in the 14-man squad .


Taya Kyle , 40 remembers crying as she told her young son and daughter . Reveals the difficult moment for new upcoming ABC 20/20 show . Navy SEAL Chris Kyle was shot dead in February 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh . Routh was convicted of murder and sentenced to life without parole in February . Taya Kyle will release new book in May called , ` American Wife : A Memoir of Love , War , Faith and Renewal '


Chris Smalling has impressed for Manchester United in recent weeks . Steven Gerrard was poor at Wembley , but Liverpool will miss him next term . Bayern 's Thomas Muller led celebrations against Porto with megaphone . But do n't try it over here ; stewards in their yellow jackets would not like it .


Most Americans identify as ` middle class ' whether they earn $ 20k or $ 250k . New study calculates how much middle class citizens earn in each state . Highest paid middle class is in Maryland , Alaska , New Jersey , Hawaii , DC . Lowest paid is in Mississippi , Arkansas , West Virginia , Alabama , Kentucky .


Paul Downton loses job as England and Wales Cricket Board 's managing director of cricket after a little more than a year in the job . Chief executive of ECB , Tom Harrison , announced changes to the structure . Downton 's job description has been abolished as a result . Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job of director of England cricket . Fellow former skipper Andrew Strauss is another possible candidate .


Mindy Kaling 's brother Vijay Chokalingam pretended to be black to get into med school . Jeff Yang : That 's offensive and ironic , considering that minorities experience many disadvantages .


Almost half of Britons believe the Duchess of Cornwall should become Queen Consort when the Prince of Wales accedes to the throne. 35 per cent think she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, Princess of Wales and 16 per cent were undecided.


Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park on Saturday . Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring for the Toffees on his return to the first team . The Belgian international was sent off on the stroke of half-time for a ` criminal challenge ' on Nemanja Matic at Stamford Bridge in February . Everton midfielder Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead


Dayot Upamecano was close to signing for Manchester United in January . The 16-year-old , however , opted to stay in France with Valenciennes . Centre-back Upamecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level . Arsenal are also interested in the defender as Man City join chase .


Brondby 's Superligaen game with FC Copenhagen ended goalless . Ex-Liverpool defender Daniel Agger allegedly elbowed Mattias Jorgensen . Former Liverpool defender left Anfield for his former club last summer .


Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Ray Parlour believes Petr Cech would be a ` no brainer ' Cech has made just four league starts for the Blues this season . Wojciech Szczesny has played second fiddle to Thibaut Courtois . Arsenal are 10 points clear of Jose Mourinho 's side going into the game . Cech is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench


Juan Arango has apologised for his bite on Monterrey 's Jesus Zavala . Arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team 's 4-3 defeat . The 34-year-old Venezuela captain has admitted he was in the wrong . He was not punished in the game but could face retrospective disciplinary action from the Mexican league authorities .


Cross-dressing bankrobber entered U.S. Bank in Santa Cruz on Friday . Cashier handed over money after being handed a note making demands . Man wearing the exact same outfit was seen acting suspiciously outside a different bank an hour earlier .


Genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. It was not until 7,800 years ago when the first farmers migrated from the Near East that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.


Edinson Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility. Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend. United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker's situation at Paris Saint-Germain.


Woman called emergency services as she tried to drive to Louisville hospital . Interstate 65 North was closed so Obama could drive into town from airport . A nurse also stuck in traffic helped her through the delivery .


Arnold Quintero , 21 , from Texas was arrested and faces a string of charges . Teen , 13 , said she was imprisoned , beaten , sexually assaulted and burned . Told police a lighter was held to her face and she was forced to undress . Her attacker took photographs and had sex with her , she told detectives .


Winnie , 19 , was diagnosed with the rare condition when she was four-years-old . Condition causes a lack of melanin which forms white patches on the skin .


U.S. . population could reach 51million by 2023 , according to U.S. . Census . By 2060 , immigrants could account for 82 per cent of U.S. . population growth . In 1990 , immigrants accounted for just 7.9 % of U.S. . population . By 2023 the total immigrant population in the U.S. . will reach 14.8 % . That number could rise to one in five by 2040


Dikembe Mutombo was an eight-times NBA All-Star famous for swatting away opponents ' shots and wagging his finger at them . He has been elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame . Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009 , and mostly spent his 18 seasons with Denver , Atlanta and Houston .


al-shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks in the region mostly targeting christians . kenyan headmaster: "these men, al-shabaab, want to make sure everything goes negative"


The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA 's headquarters in Nyon . Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season 's Europa League final . The other tie sees Rafael Benitez 's Napoli take on Dnipro .


The Massachusetts senator says Washington works well for special interests and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation . She says that in her eyes , two declared GOP candidates have already disqualified themselves .


Bodies of suspected gunmen paraded in front of crowd in Garissa . Kenya 's President slams those who finance and support groups like Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab threatens `` another bloodbath '' in Kenya .


Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. . food industry . His American-born ex , Dr . Ayse Giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality .


Stoke City have lost all eight trips to Chelsea since Premier League return . Mark Hughes insists that their fruitless Stamford Bridge visits must end . Chelsea unbeaten in 14 Premier League home games this season -LRB- 11 wins -RRB-


The second series is hosted by Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead . Each episode takes a look at the history of various types of car . The pair return a number of old-bangers back to their former glory . They also help people complete their stalled restoration projects .


Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night . That 's when he stopped to quickly chat with a very enthusiastic young fan on the sidelines . He animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five . The child is a devoted fan and popular with the players .


Experts found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent. Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed how those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.


Fidel Castro was last seen in public in January 2014 at the inauguration of an artist 's studio in Havana . State-run Cubadebate published photos of him meeting Venezuelans in Havana on Friday , though the encounters were said to have taken place on Monday . He is shown shaking hands , which Cubandebate said occurred ` for hours , ' with Venezuelans who had come for solidarity events .


Study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised . Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be 5x faster than 3G . But actual figure is actually only 2.5 x faster - 14.7 megabits per second . Out of the networks , EE was fastest , followed by Vodafone , O2 and Three .


abbey road studios has never been open to the public since 1931 . new web app takes users on a 360-degree tour of the studios . archive photos show sound technicians at work in the studios . there are also short articles on subjects ranging from cutting vinyl to stereo .


Video captures brawl between officers and family in Cottonwood , Arizona . Police fire tasers and use pepper spray as they try to separate the group . One of the officers is put into a headlock during the violent confrontation . Moments later an officer is shot and Enoch Garver , 21 , is killed . Members of the band , called Matthew 24 Now , have since been jailed .


bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion if they beat bradford on tuesday night . the league one leaders managed to come away from preston north end unscathed, drawing 1-1 . steve cotterill's side are eight points ahead of second-placed preston .


Richard Corliss was perhaps the magazine 's most quoted writer of all time , `` colleague says . He was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated , including `` Titanic '' and `` Star Wars '' Some credit him with coining the phrase `` drop-dead gorgeous '' to describe actress Pfeiffer in a review of `` Into the Night '' `` He savored it all


Indian batsman joins Division One champions until end of May . Yorkshire cancelled the contract to Pakistan batsman Younis Khan . Khan instead wants to be part of Pakistan 's tour of Bangladesh . Aaron Finch will join Yorkshire after the Indian Premier League .


nikki kelly, 24, from bridport, dorset, thought she was having her period . but when she went to the bathroom, she found she was in the early stages of labour . baby james was born in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor .


Andre Gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity . Claims he became suspicious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look . Also claims the ` bunker ' ` could also be a corridor leading to


Ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. Now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture.


Prince Harry 's former girlfriend , Chelsy Davy , debuted a sophisticated summer outfit . The 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend , Irene Forte . She wore a white chiffon top , navy trousers and croc-print clutch bag . Davy is currently single after splitting up with Charles Goode in January .


The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia . Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 % of births .


Photo of Robert Mugabe appears to show him with new hairdo and earrings . Longer hairstyle and earrings actually belong to woman stood behind him . Amusing image comes after memes circulated showing him fall down steps . Zimbabwean President apparently preparing daughter Bona to replace him .


S.E. Cupp : Clinton making women central to outreach , but she should really focus on men . In 2014 election , overplaying to one gender failed -- particularly with `` war on women ''


Justin Robertson convicted of murdering Pennie Davis in September 2014 and sentenced to life in prison with 32 years minimum . Victim was found dead by her husband in a paddock in the New Forest . Robertson was paid £ 1,500 to kill her by Benjamin Carr , her ex-lover 's son . Carr wanted to stop her telling the police about sexual assault claims .


Rick Santorum says he 'd hoped Indiana Gov . Mike Pence would veto the `` fix '' to his state 's religious freedom law . The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana , led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce and sports organizations like the NCAA . Social conservatives have argued that Christian bakers , florists and wedding photographers should n't be forced to provide services to same-sex


Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star confessed to Dr. Phil that she is struggling with alcohol in emotional interview set to air April 28 . Richards stormed out of the session after Dr. Phil 's offer of help . Her three kids followed her down the hall of the Beverly Wilshire Hotel imploring her to return . ` Why do you have to be so f *** ing picky , ' daughter Brooke yells . ` You have to do this mom ' She spoke about her arrest on April 16 when she was taken into custody at the Beverly Hills Hotel for a ` drunken incident '


Jodie Barden 's daughters Ella , 8 and Chloe , 1 , have Cockayne Syndrome . This rare genetic disorder means they are unlikely to live to be teenagers . Mrs Barden , 28 , has faced heartbreak of planning her daughter 's funerals . Family is now trying to make the most of the remaining time they have .


Aidan Fraley , 16 , is the son of Eric Harris , who was shot and killed by 73-year-old volunteer deputy Robert Bates on April 2 . Fraley says all the Tulsa police who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his father 's death . Bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter .


dame barbara hakin is national director of commissioning operations for nhs england . she was accused of gagging whistleblower who tried to warn about impact of targets on ordinary patients . investigation by general medical council concluded there was no case to answer . but it is now reviewing part of decision and appointing independent expert .


Faiz Ikramulla , 35 , was charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping . He allegedly dumped daughter Aliya , 3 , in a trash can in a forest in Prospect Heights , Illinois . His wife had just reported the girl missing when she was found . Passer-by found her wandering the streets crying and waving her hands . Authorities say Ilkramulla was trying to hide her . He was arrested in Van Buren County , Michigan .


Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday at his home in Sydney. He had been suffering from skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. The cricket legend said he had never worn a cap as a young player because he was influenced by legendary all rounder Keith Miller.


James Staring , a London-based personal trainer , says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat . Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise . The more muscle groups you use , the more calories you will burn both during and after exercising .


Insurers often check accounts of those burgled while they were away . Can refuse to pay if people advertised the fact that they would be out . Association of British Insurers advises being careful with gets posted .


Study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana . They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions . Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes . And turning the lights on while taking off - not before - had the best effect .


Peggy Drexler : In interview to promote movie , Robert Downey Jr. walked out after being asked personal questions . She says his behavior was rude , demeaning to the interviewer , who was just doing his job .


agent arthur baldwin was arrested at 12:30am friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . the agency revoked baldwin's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest .


mazzy, who suffers from spina bifida, was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire plane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears . mom brein bjorson marzano was flying with mazzy and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .


Errol Louis : New AG Loretta Lynch will try to get cops to improve community relations , end abusive practices . He says Baltimore case shows too many local departments not getting message . Lynch will have to apply range of tough measures to fix this , Louis says .


In Lisse , the Netherlands , the Keukenhof Gardens are a must-visit for all those looking to take in beautiful springtime blooms . The Kenrouken in Kanazawa , Japan , is known for their breathtaking cherry blossoms . One of the Three Great Gardens of Japan , it 's traditionally the first half of the month of April . If you 'd like to walk among the bluebells in the


Duchess of Cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child. The 33-year-old royal's baby is due before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week.


Stars of Marvel and DC comics have given up fighting crime , instead grappling with life 's daily struggles . The bleak future is imagined by Dubai-based photographer Martin Beck of Scottish and South African heritage . Features sullen-looking ex-heroes working as mechanics and children 's party entertainers .


Brian Nicol , 32 , dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol , where he was staying with friends . His friends dragged Mr Nicol out of the water and tried to save him . Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place around 8.30 am on Easter Sunday morning but Mr Nicol had died .


The controversy over Indiana 's religious freedom law is complicated . Some factors you might have not considered .


chelsea beat leicester 2-1 in their premier league clash at the britannia stadium . didier drogba was the star man for chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time . john terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the leicester box .


The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row , nosing through overturned receptacles . Alaska 's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option . Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash .


Brendan Rodgers needs a positive summer to restore confidence at Anfield . Liverpool 's transfer committee under pressure to sign better players . Rodgers now also under scrutiny after being exposed in big matches .


More than one million Armenians were killed during the last days of the Ottoman Empire . Kim Kardashian recently toured Armenia on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the mass killings . Pope Francis recently called the killings `` the first genocide of the 20th century '' Many Armenians continue to brainstorm how to convince Turkey to acknowledge the truth .


Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh was deported from Pakistan to the United States . The U.S. citizen is accused of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists .


James Moody , 24 , officer on the Titanic , died helping passengers escape . Brother Christopher wrote to ship 's owners asking for body to be returned . Was sent a reply asking for £ 20 , or £ 2,000 in today 's money , to comply . Instead bosses offered brother a picture of his headstone overseas .


Joanna Flynn , 50 , has been charged with manslaughter and criminal negligence causing death . She allegedly turned off a patient 's life support without permission . The former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario , Canada . It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been arrested in Canada . Deanna Leblanc , 39 , died at the hospital on March


The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave' His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and legalization.


shelly nicholas of strongsville, ohio filed a report against an officer who told her to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside in 90 degree heat . body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order .


Brittany Huber , 23 , and John Redman , 25 , were driving from Georgia to her hometown of Mobile , Alabama , when he lost control of his Lexus in a rainstorm . The car blew a tire , hydroplaned and smashed into a bridge column on Interstate 85 in Merriweather County , Georgia , killing the bride on impact . Redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home , confined to a wheelchair . Eleven months later , Redman helped lead his team to its very first championship title .


Josh Darnbrough only noticed the tattoo on his back the following day . It was the handy work of his best friend Rob Gaskell . Rob was getting revenge for a botched DIY tattoo Josh had given him . The pair are both getting their tattoos removed and remain friends . Watch the full story on Tattoo Disasters , Tuesday April 21 , 2015 at 9 pm on Spike , Sky TV -LRB- ch 160 -RRB- , Freesat -LRB- ch 141 -RRB- and Freeview -LRB- ch 31 -RRB-


QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road in Sunday 's west London derby . Chris Ramsey 's side need points as they battle the drop with six games left . The QPR boss believes Chelsea can afford a blip in race for the title .


Dashem Tesfamichael , 30 , filmed dancing outside cell at Coldingley prison . He was jailed for life after stabbing Olu Olagbaju with a champagne bottle . Footage shows stash of drink and snacks and was shared on WhatsApp . Prison officers said to turn blind eye to the partying in December , last year .


26-year-old Atlanta woman uses a mason jar as a trash can . She has produced about as much waste in six months as an average person does in less than a day . She strives to live a ` zero waste ' lifestyle .


The Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu was brought down by the force of yesterday 's 7.8 magnitude earthquake . Durbar Square in the centre of the Nepalese capital is filled with rubble after historic temple collapse . Complex above the city which is considered one of the holiest sites in Buddhism was also hit by the disaster . More than 2,500 people are believed to have died in the devastating earthquake in Nepal and neighbouring countries .


John Terry racially abused Anton Ferdinand at the ground in October 2011 . Terry is always the subject of crowds anger when he returns to QPR . However , he performed well as Chelsea snatched late winner .


Raghunandan Yandamuri , 29 , sentenced to two death sentences last year . Montgomery County , Pennsylvania man acted as his own lawyer during trial . Killer knew victims , 10-month-old Saanvi and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna . Appellant accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters . He asked for death during sentencing and had previously tried to kill himself .


middlesbrough beat rotherham 2-0 in their championship clash on saturday . lee tomlin opened the scoring for the home side with a fine solo effort . patrick bamford doubled the lead with a deflected effort on 66 minutes .


the carnival spirit docked at sydney's overseas passenger terminal this morning . it was due to disembark on tuesday morning but the storm prevented it from entering the harbour . huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups – and left many on-board violently seasick . a sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at around 10am .


Kefalonia is stunning and does n't play the Captain Corelli 's Mandolin card . Island has n't been tainted by the crowds its Greek counterparts get . It 's a quarter of the size of Spain 's Majorca but with a 20th of the tourists . The one must-do outing in Kefalonia is to Fiskardo , a lovely harbour .


Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer. But the Derby-based model was secretly 'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months.


April 8 was huge for `` Lost '' and `` Empire Records '' fans . April 14 , April 25 , October 21 are other big dates in movies .


The 19-year-old singer was a finalist in 2012 series of The X Factor . Batiste has announced her as official face of 2015 Ready For It campaign . TV advertising campaign features Henderson 's latest single , Mirror Man .


British teenager arrested on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack on Anzac Day commemorations . The 14-year-old allegedly communicated with an Australian man over plot . Five men arrested by Australian police after tip-off from UK officials . Police are reviewing security arrangements for Anzac Day events in Britain .


Convicted killer Brett Matthew Paul Thomas , now 56 , has been denied parole and can not reapply for seven years . Brett Matthew Paul Thomas and his friend Mark Titch were convicted in 1977 after committing four murders during robbery attempts . Lynette Duncan , one of the surviving daughters of a victim said that the day her mother died she learned that ` the boogeyman was real '


england drew 1-1 with italy in a friendly at the juventus stadium on tuesday . wayne rooney said he and the rest of the england squad were upset by their first half performance . roy hodgson's side came back to level in the second period .


Visualize You calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . Users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight . It costs # 1.61 -LRB- $ 2.40 -RRB- on Android and # 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- on iOS for the full version . It uses


Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009 . The ride on former Welsh National winner Monbeg Dude was available because his two regular jockeys , Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides .


Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders . Called for a Labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' But plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster , trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires .


Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives . Medical records reveal Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy . Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014 , source says . A letter found in Lubitz ' apartment said he was not able to do his job , prosecutor says .


Amir Khan took his family to an adventure park in Northern California . Khan posed alongside a rare white tiger as well as a giraffe and sea lion . Earlier this week the Bolton-born fighter announced his return to the ring . Khan will take on former light-welterweight world champion Chris Algieri .


Researchers from the University of Patras , in Greece created the algorithm . Determines a person 's state of intoxication by their facial temperature . Analysing the forehead and nose gives an accuracy rate of 90 per cent . Experts say system could one day be used by the police , and even in cars .


Myuran Sukumaran 's friend Ben Quilty says he will face his execution with ` strength and dignity ' ` Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down ... that he would stare them down , ' the artist said . Sukumaran and Chan have selected ` spiritual advisers ' to accompany them on their final journey . Both men refused to sign their execution warrants three days before their execution , saying that the process was unjust . As his final request , Chan has asked for a final church service with his family . Sukumaran has also requested as much time as possible to paint . The men have both nominated spiritual witnesses to their execution .


21-year-old student Jackson Gordon has designed and built a functional Batsuit . Made with money raised on Kickstarter , the outfit has received a prestigious endorsement .


ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . The group sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law . Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought , tourism and archaeology . ISIS Health Department runs hospitals for anyone feeling ill , not just wounded fighters .


The bronze sculpture of Yu The Great 's wife has been in place for ten years . It depicts the founder of China 's first Xia Dynasty in 2070 BC . Legend says that Yu and his wife were brought together by a nine-tailed fox . Over the years tourists have been fondling the woman 's exposed breast . Locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture


Mirreyes are individuals who enjoy ` ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' and are ` placed above all others ' They are often the sons and daughters of government officials , wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society . Their displays of wealth can be embarrassing , but can also lead to political and legal advantages .


Manor driver Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George 's Park . The state-of-the-art centre is used by the senior England football team . Stevens is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday .


Days before grandchild is due , gran Carole promotes baby-shower range . Mrs Middleton 's goodies come in pink and blue in case the sex is unknown . Items in the range include a £ 2.79 set of party cups and straws for £ 3.49 . Multi-millionaire was criticised for ` tacky ' merchandise at Diamond Jubilee .


TSA received more than 30,000 claims of missing valuables between 2010-2014 . Most of the missing valuables were packed in checked luggage . Miami-Dade police set up hidden cameras as part of sting .


adele mckenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, david elliot, when she was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down . ms mckenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same ‘generic’ email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming . ms mckenzie said she was left feeling ‘panicked’ and ‘anxious’ when she was faced with the news that she would need to find a new dress .


Robert Durst , a convicted felon , is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm . He 's accused of possessing a . 38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room . Durst was featured this spring in `` The Jinx , '' a HBO documentary about him . Prosecutors accuse Durst of killing his friend Susan Berman because she `` was a witness to a


Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League next season . The Hammers are currently first in the Premier League Fair Play Table . The top three nations in UEFA 's rankings qualify for competition . England currently sit third behind the Republic of Ireland and Netherlands .


Scott Quigg and I have taken all the risks - Carl Frampton must step up . We 've written him a cheque for £ 1.5 million so what is stopping them ? I 've also held talks with Kiko Martinez and Nonito Donaire for July 18 . Kell Brook vs Frankie Gavin under strong consideration for May 30 . Anthony Joshua will probably fight again on May 9 in Birmingham .


Ceara Lynch , 28 , is paid to indulge men 's fetish fantasies , which often include elements of humiliation . She began her career at age 17 selling used underwear online and has gone on to create web videos . Ceara now owns a minimum of $ 1 a minute for making custom videos . She ` gets a kick out of ' her job , which includes hearing the secret fantasies of thousands of men .


Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic picked up a four-game ban . The Sweden international was caught on camera swearing about a referee . Marseille 's Dimitri Payet also received a two-game ban for swearing at a closed referee 's door after a match against Lyon . Both have had their bans reduced by one match after appealing .


elena udrea, 41, is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government . prosecutors allege she accepted bribes worth an estimated £1.3 million . she was investigated along with seven other people . former economy minister ion ariton was also charged with abuse of power .


The actress and granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway describes what it was like for her growing up . She has written two distinct books , one for adults and one teenagers . Around 10 per cent of Americans suffer from depression . The books speak about about mental illness and what it is like living in a troubled family . Hemingway tells about her own experiences with depression , eating disorders , OCD , and how she learned to overcome the issues .


Perth woman claimed she cured cancer through her pineapple-centric diet . It involved eating vast amounts of fruit and ditching ` toxic ' influences . Critics have demanded ` irrefutable proof ' that is how she cured her cancer . She is planning to release her medical records when she collects them all . ` I 'm not Belle Gibson and she 's not me , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` I 'm not a fraud and I 'm not a fake '


WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Many seals who are just a few weeks old are shot , impaled and clubbed to death on ` sealing ' vessels for their fur . ` They are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody wants or needs , ' said Sir Paul McCartney who backs the charity who took chilling photographs . Demand has diminished after purchase of seal products was banned by both European Union and the United States . Newfoundland government has pledged millions of pounds worth of subsidies to prop up country 's ` dying industry '


Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March . Iran 's Foreign Ministry has said the two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were abused by airport security after they were separated from other passengers for body searches .


the lawsuit by erica kinsman, which seeks damages from the former seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the april 30 nfl draft . winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year .


Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich 's last three games with an abdominal injury . The Holland international is expected to miss the Champions League tie against Porto . Robben said he has felt ` physically disabled ' during the last few weeks . The winger is close to returning to full fitness and plans to play against Borussia Dortmund on April 28 .


Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup third round . Josh Meekings blocked Leigh Griffiths ' goal-bound shot with his hand . Celtic have written to the Scottish Football Association over the incident . John Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice .


Jurgen Klopp will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer . The German coach announced on Wednesday that he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract at the club . He has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end . The Dortmund boss said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager , but has urged his team


jonas gutierrez will trigger contract extension if he starts remaining matches . cancer survivor has twice beaten testicular cancer . 31-year-old made first start for newcastle in 20 months against sunderland .


Amy , 24 , has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels . Amy says her garments are ` definitely ' for real women . Has faced the wrath of Twitter trolls .


Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at home in the Premier League on April 4 . Diego Costa limped off in the second half after aggravating his hamstring . Blues travel to QPR on Sunday in a west London derby at Loftus Road .


Lincolnshire resort joins St Ives and Windermere in top ten for holiday property . Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 . It still attracts 400,000 visitors a year and is famous for its giant Butlin 's holiday camp .


Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday . Blues are seven points clear at top of the table with a game in hand . Manager Jose Mourinho faces his former mentor Louis van Gaal . Juan Mata returns to his former club after keeping Angel di Maria out . Eden Hazard , Diego Costa and David de Gea have been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award .


Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final . PSG have been stripped by suspension of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti . Thiago Motta is injured , while David Luiz is also a major doubt . Edinson Cavani must torment the stars from Catalonia .


jordan spieth set new 54-hole scoring record at the masters . texas star carded a double bogey on the 17th but still finished on 16 under par . spieth will partner justin rose in the final round on sunday .


aljaz bedene defeated arthur de greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes . bedene will now face third seed jiri vesely in the quarter-finals . czech vesely claimed his first victory of the year on clay against mikhail youzhny . top seed and defending champion guillermo garcia-lopez suffered a surprise defeat .


Rihanna is one of a growing number of celebrities who are ditching their bras . In 2015 , the liberation now extends to clothing choices when out and about . Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home at A-List parties . Kim Kardashian left her bra behind as she went out for a date with Kanye West . Miranda Kerr , Rachel Hunter and Rachel Hunter


Sam Pearce goes by the name Sam Worthen when he works as a model . He walked in New York Fashion Week this February while his Brooklyn , New York school was closed for winter break . The 24-year-old has worked for the likes of DNKY , Diesel and Alexander McQueen . Mr. Pearce says he opened up about his double life in an effort to raise money to buy his students books on Go-Fund-Me .


Sleepy Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school and church. Local streams have been known for grains of gold of 'significant size' for decades. A two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions.


Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US . Although the app is hosted by Facebook , the site is not affiliated with the scheme in any other way .


James Anderson will play his 100th Test match in Antigua on Monday . Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England 's top Test wicket taker . Anderson ` would n't say boo to a goose ' says his old county captain Warren Hegg . Anderson played for Burnley CC , which produced more than its share of first-class cricketers . When he was


At 13 , Laura Scurr went on a diet which would turn into a scary obsession . Laura developed anorexia and would survive on one piece of fruit a day . Now 15 she has overcome the disorder and is battling back . Laura has spoken of the pressures on young girls to be a size zero .


Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from fear of facing Manchester City. City had beaten West Ham in the Premier League last season. Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini's side.


Adorable creature imitates a lizard after waking up from a nap in the sun . Photographer Ranajit Roy spent five minutes taking the cute photographs . ` I was definitely in the right place at the right time ' , says 19-year-old .


Yulia Tarbath , 33 , from Surrey , moved to Bali with husband Paul in 2009 . She ate 30 pieces of fruit every day and exercised twice a day . Mother-of-one gained less than a stone in weight during first pregnancy . Took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone .


detective ian cyrus, who has been suspended without pay, caught on camera stealing cash from a brooklyn deli on friday april 3 . five detectives went to the store and arrested two employees for selling untaxed cigarettes . manager ali abdullah said detective cyrus then bends down and when he stands up, he appears to put the money in his coat pocket .


UEFA have confirmed a significant hike in Champions League prize money . Celtic could earn £ 16million just from competing in the group stages . Manager Ronny Deila is eager to secure a fourth straight title for Celtic .


Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . Danny Welbeck says he has settled in at Arsenal . The Arsenal striker has been unlucky in front of goal , but wants to play in a more central role . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .


Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green is good enough to challenge Joe Hart for a place in the England No 1 spot. Green made a calamitous error in 2010 World Cup against USA. But Allardyce has seen Green's form improve since leaving QPR.


Livingston stake on Alloa Athletic in the final of the Petrofac Cup on Sunday . Midfielder Darren Cole is in mourning after the recent death of his cousin Shaun , who died in Miami from a suspected hit-and-run . Livingston boss Mark Burchill believes that Cole can overcome his heartbreak to play for his side against Alloa .


Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ` Jesus Family tomb ' in the city 's East Talpiot neighbourhood . It bears the inscription ` James , son of Joseph , brother of Jesus ' on one side . The ossuary is a 1st-century chalk box that was used to hold the bones of the dead . It was discovered in 1980 and


Gary Lincoln , 48 , from Wales severed hand using an electric angle cutter . He was working in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade . Surgeons were able to reattached hand and he is back at work weeks later . Mr Lincoln said he ` did n't feel any pain at all ' when he chopped hand off .


Jeremy Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond held talks with Andy Wilman . Comes hours before it was announced he had quit the BBC 's most successful show . It is the first public appearance together since Clarkson was sacked last month . May said BBC would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the hit motoring show with ` a surrogate Jeremy ' , Hammond and


Estate agents are offering a ` Cameron price ' and a lower ` Miliband price ' Labour will introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2million . The prospect is alarming wealthy buyers who are demanding a discount . Some buyers are waiting until after the election to complete purchases .


The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three . people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes . about 62 miles -LRB- 100 km -RRB- above Earth . It will launch from Blue Origin 's west Texas facility near Van Horn , Texas , southeast of . El Paso . Testing and development of the rocket engine , called BE-3 , . has been completed .


bournemouth have a 12,000-seater goldsands stadium . manager eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind the goal . bournemouth officials are considering doubling the south stand .


Woman slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday . The 44-year-old was bushwalking with her two children and a male friend . She is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries . Mother slipped and fell trying to retrieve her mobile phone at lookout .


Ruth Ben-Ghiat : Italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the Mediterranean . She says African migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of Italian rule .


Gareth Shoulder is a member of the ` Generation 2015 Election youth panel ' Used Twitter to make disparaging remark about Cameron and son Ivan . 24-year-old was speaking in his own capacity , a BBC spokesman said .


The quota system was abolished today after 30 years. Dairy farmers can produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK.


Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw large amounts of cash. She was jailed for 12 months today after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft. The victims' family set up a camera and filmed Calder taking money.


Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had bred before but never conceived . However , this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant . While the birth on Tuesday went smoothly , Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are being hand-reared in an incubator . They currently weigh 2.5 lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650 lbs .


Two traffic police officers were on hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire. They were standing on the hard shoulder after pulling over a driver. They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark.


Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round . The top seed made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence . Rafael Nadal 's first match of this year 's tournament will be a clash with Nicolas Almagro . Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev .


Sam Holtz beat out 11.5 million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday . This as he selected Duke to win the NCAA title game , which they did by overcoming the Wisconsin Badgers 68 - 63 . Sam should now be eligible for the $ 30,000 grand prize of a $ 20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November . Sam , 12 , is not eligible however because age restrictions state that entrants must be 18 years old . Sam says he does not mind missing the prize , and though he is a little ` irritated ' he thinks the best idea if for ESPN to reward him with an Xbox . The sixth grader also shared one of his bracket tips ; ` Just pick the team that you like and pick whoever you want '


Clare Hines , who lives in Brisbane , was diagnosed with a brain tumour . She found out she was pregnant a week before scheduled surgery . The 27-year-old had to decide to keep the baby or remove the tumour . Ms Hines went against warnings from doctors to give birth to son Noah . She has since had many operations but has lost hearing in her right ear . Ms Hines , originally from the UK , is trying to raise money for a hearing aid .


Choc on Choc 's chocolates come in three different flavours . The face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolate bars . Cameron 's has blueberries , Clegg is honeycomb and Miliband is raspberry .


Acclaimed designer Alex Perry pulls out of 2015 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . This year marks the 20th anniversary of the event . This is only the second time the designer has missed in two decades . Perry says he loves the excitement of running his own show . He says Kym Ellery and Johnny Schembri from By Johnny are his two faves . Perry says the Australian market


Brenda Finn was diagnosed with alopecia at 14 and lost all her hair . She is now calling for medical tattooing to be made available on the NHS . Claims the £ 300 procedure would have saved her years of anxiety , depression and low self-esteem after condition left a target for bullies . Argues it would save the NHS money with alopecia patients who are reliant on expensive therapy or antidepressants .


Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 . Buchanon , who also played for the Houston Texans , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money : Stay Rich . The former football star said his mother never offered him the money she made from her sister 's rent , and later blamed him for ` messing up her life ' after he kicked her boyfriend out .


Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome in 2011. The schoolgirl was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was 'very much in denial' about condition. In 2012 she was found hanged in her bedroom after leaving a note.


A Cairns man faces court after giving his daughter medical cannabis oil . Two-year-old daughter is suffering from a rare form of cancer . The 30-year-old father claims the effects of the cannabis were miraculous . He was arrested for administering the drug to his daughter . He has since set up a campaign to highlight his situation .


aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association . both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge . villa fans invaded the pitch after their fa cup quarter-final win . reading fans invaded the pitch after their replay win against bradford .


Rebecca Eldemire and Larry Tipton , 27 , were found dead in her bedroom in Oxford , Ohio on Feb. 1 after her roommates heard loud bangs . A coroner 's report revealed Tuesday Eldemire was shot at ` intermediate ' range and there were no signs of struggle . The night before , Eldemire had called Oxford Police to ask for protection when he arrived at the apartment and police stopped him in the parking lot . She instructed the officers to accompany them to her apartment but after talking , she asked them to leave and they did .


FC Porto star Jackson Martinez came close to joining AC Milan in January . 28-year-old scored in their Champions League 3-1 quarter-final first leg win over Bayern Munich . Martinez 's goal against Bayern was his 23rd strike in 31 games this season .


A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead . `` I ` m scared to go to town because I do not know when these people can attack and it 's stressful for me , '' says Congolese immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale . Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside . Eric Kalonji left the


Andrew Getty, the 47-year-old grandson of J. Paul Getty, died Tuesday afternoon in his home. His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," an official says. Some medication had also been recovered from Getty's home.


Man was born at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989 . He was readmitted three months later after suffering a brain haemorrhage . Maternity staff failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after birth . Booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots . Secretary of State for Health admitted liability for breach of duty of care .


A statue of Lucille Ball in Celeron , New York was dubbed so offensive the artist has offered to fix the statue for free . However , there are unrecognisable celebrity effigies all over the world . FEMAIL rounds up the very worst star statues , wax works and figurines .


Tibetan mastiffs had been status symbols for China 's wealthiest . They were given as gifts to grateful officials by businessmen . One puppy was sold for £ 1.2 million to a property developer last year . But an anti-corruption drive means the breed is now shunned . Instead the dogs are sold to abattoirs for their meat and skin .


will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker . the 26-year-old british backpacker has only spent $100 a week on all of his expenses . mr hatton has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months .


Westley Capper , 37 , has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus . The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday . Co-accused Craig Porter , 33 , also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in Marbella .


Nurhayada Sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator . The 6-year-old was shopping with mother at the mall in Pudu , Malaysia . CCTV shows her playing with the handrail before she slips through gap . Her mother - who had been on the phone - was said to be inconsolable .


The mystery of a dead man 's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing . People walking along Somerton Beach , southwest of Adelaide , found a dead fully-clothed man , aged about 45 , lying on shore on December 1 , 1948 . Post-mortem concluded he died of poisoning but type was undetectable . Handwritten note found in pocket of trousers but did n't provide any clues . The Persian phrase ` ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and secret code and woman 's telephone number in book where paper came from . Experts now say they have a good chance of identifying body through DNA .


Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite. It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria. But the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.


Twisted Sister says its 2016 tour will be its last, according to a press release. Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary, and to celebrate, the tour is being titled "Forty and F*ck It" "It's official: Farewell," Twisted Sister singer Dee Snider posted on Facebook. Snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer, Mike Portnoy of Adrenaline Mob.


gigi hadid, 19, said she learned how to deal with social media haters . kendall, 19, has a good sense of when to stand up and when to back off . gigi believes karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona .


Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993 . Researchers worried that rescuing the bones would shatter them .


Season 's first major , the Masters , tees off Thursday April 9 at Augusta . Ian Poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round . Tiger Woods ' children will carry his bag during par three tournament . Henrik Stenson played down his chances after coming down with flu .


vicars say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services . but clergymen said affluent parents more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school .


Ri Sol-Ju appears in public with her husband for first time since December . N. Korean leader Kim Jong-un and wife pictured attending a football match . Former singer , Ri and her husband Kim wore wedding rings at the event . They were flanked by officials at Kim 's grandfather 's 103rd birthday party .


SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is larger than usual seats, and makes use of space at the back of aircraft. The seat would make use of the usually wasted space in the back of aircraft. It would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs, meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair.


alison saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over decision . director of public prosecutions refused to quit because 'making right decision is not a resigning issue' mrs saunders admitted three investigations into claims were botched . but she decided it was now too late to prosecute lord janner .


Diana, Princess of Wales is the most popular name among baby names. The Duchess of Cambridge is also the most popular name for babies. The name Diana has been used in more than 1,000 titles.


Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner escaped the Colorado City , Arizona fundamentalist Mormon sect headed by Warren Jeffs eight years ago . Last week , the 32-year-old mother gained full custody of her four children , ages 8 to 13 . When she tried to pick up the kids from their aunt 's house , she was physically barred by hundreds of cult members . Sheriff 's deputies had to take out a search warrant to reunite the mother with her two daughters and two sons .


Rose Byrne , Gracie Otto , Krey Boylan , Shannon Murphy and Jessica Carrerea have launched The Doll House Collective . The quintet will collaborate together on films , share ideas and creative advice , and even provide financial support to each other 's projects . Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women .


No official way out for Americans stranded amid fighting in Yemen . U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission says situation is very dangerous so no mass evacuation is planned .


Adam Rushton took advantage of being a beat officer in Stoke-on-Trent . Staffordshire Police says he has ` brought shame on himself ' and force . Said he never expected to end up in dock after oral sex with a woman . Tells court : ` It 's not very professional , I fully accept that , and it 's wrong '


LA Angel Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from Katie two months ago . Was around the same time he admitted to a drugs and alcohol relapse . Reality star insisted there was no ` big fight or blow up ' causing the split . Has maintained she still loves him and will always stand by him .


Richie Benaud passed away aged 84 on Friday . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has paid tribute to Richie Benaud . State funerals in Australia are usually reserved for politicians . Bradman turned down opportunity to have state funeral before his death . CLICK HERE for more Benaud tributes .


Thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season . The 41-year-old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013-14 . She was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game . Thomas , a former college basketball player , was inspired to become an official in the 1990s when she attended a meeting with her brother .


Substitute Eidur Gudjohnsen scores equaliser for Bolton in stoppage time . Veteran striker netted with virtually the last kick of the game . Michael Jacobs had opened the scoring for Blackpool after nine minutes .


Cynthia Cheroitich hid in her room for two days after the attack . `` I was scared so much , '' she tells CNN . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning . Police parade the bodies of men they say carried out the attack in Garissa .


Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford , Milton Keynes . He holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune . Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river , which separates it from Andrea .


peter fox, 26, is believed to have fled to london on wednesday night . his mother bernadette, 57, and sister sarah, 27, were found dead on thursday . mrs fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . police are appealing for the public's help to track down mr fox .


Zuriel Oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker . To date , she has interviewed 14 heads of state .


kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and emotional distress . "this stunt was expected," winston's attorney says . winston led the florida state seminoles to a national championship in 2013 .


Emir Spahic sacked with immediate effect by Bayer Leverkusen . The defender was seen brawling with security officials last weekend . Spahic has accepted responsibility and leaves the German side .


The unnamed woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn . Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening . Investigators believe the faded body art was the name ` Monique ' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose


Friday 's tweet is the first public comment Linda has made about her former husband 's personal journey . She compared his anticipated TV revelations about his ` true self ' to the magnitude of his Olympic achievement . An ex-girlfriend of Elvis Presley , Linda tied the knot with Bruce in 1981 . The couple had two sons Brandon and Brody before they divorced in 1986 .


Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday night . The Frenchman came on as a substitute in Manchester City 's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace . City are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea . Manuel Pellegrini 's side are willing to use the midfielder as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba . The 22-year-old was on Manchester United


Megumi Igarashi makes pieces of art that are modelled on her vagina . Her case has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship . ` The data for female genitals is not obsence , ' she told a Tokyo court .


Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona . Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand . Pique joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United . Pique ranks Didier Drogba , Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as the best he has come up against .


Performance was at Confederation of African Football 's event in Cairo . Dancer Dina Talaat said she does not know what all the fuss is about .


Dr. Seuss ' new book , `` What Pet Should I Get ? '' will have a first printing of 1 million copies . The publisher released a never-before-seen image from inside the book by Theodor Geisel .


only 25 per cent of voters think david cameron is hungriest to win the election . 43 per cent think ed miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' mr cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today in north london . snp leader nicola sturgeon judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone .


Hulk Hogan 's ex-wife has listed her Simi Valley mansion in California for sale at $ 5.5 million . Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009 . Called Villa di Montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community . The


Mascot among dozen of staff concerned about their jobs . From August , adidas will replace Nike as United 's kit supplier . Workers at Old Trafford megastore offered no assurances about jobs . Nike say they have entered into a consultation process with staff .


Police say Victor White III and Jesus Huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars . Report : Police ignored Jorge Azucena 's complaints that he had asthma and could n't breathe . Kelly Thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in Fullerton , California .


a growing number of japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce . robots are appearing in stores, banks and soon even hotels . toshiba says chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move, speak in sign language and even sing .


Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground on Friday . The 11-year old was camping in the Victorian national park with his family . He has been missing for two nights and temperatures dipped to as low as eight degrees Celsius on Saturday night . There has been an unconfirmed sighting of Luke with police acting quickly . The 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite . Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused . A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . Police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight . They have issued an extensive description of Luke and his clothing .


japanese cooking show shows how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods . latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries .


vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks . ticks are tiny spider-like creatures found in woodland and heath areas . they feed on the blood of birds and mammals, including humans . ticks that carry the bacteria responsible for lyme disease are found throughout the uk and in other parts of europe and north america .


Lawsuit says scientists infected hundreds of Guatemalans with sexually transmitted diseases . A similar lawsuit filed against the U.S. government was dismissed .


Tom Carroll scored the winning goal for England Under 21s against Czech Republic . The midfielder is expected to be out for between four and six weeks . The 22-year-old midfielder is on loan from Tottenham . Swansea resume their Premier League campaign against Hull City on Saturday .


delroy facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches . the former bolton wanderers striker denies conspiracy to commit bribery . he is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside moses swaibu . chann sankaran and krishna ganeshan were convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery at a previous trial .


professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university . he was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer zayn malik leaving the boy band . professor hawking happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every one direction fan . 'my advice to any heartbroken young girl is to pay close attention to the study of theoretical physics,' he said .


Bobbi Kristina Brown has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother says . `` We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time , '' Cissy Houston says . Brown 's father , Bobby Brown , said his daughter 's condition has improved .


Craig Hicks , 46 , is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students . He turned himself in to police the night of the killings . Hicks had no prior criminal record , police said .


Attorney General Eric Holder farewelled the Justice Department on Friday. Holder has served as the nation's top law enforcement official since the start of the Obama administration. He addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay.


Sales of £ 1,100 poncho spotted on stars have boosted Burberry 's profits . Ponchos , coats and scarves boosted sales by 10 per cent over winter . Victoria Beckham , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Sienna Miller were all spotted wearing the ponhos , each monogrammed with their initials .


Ben Affleck admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history.


Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game . One of his favorite NFL players watched from the sidelines-Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. . Watt . When Nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . The heartwarming moment was caught on camera .


Thief stole sat nav from elderly woman 's car after she was injured in crash . Woman , 73 , was waiting for an ambulance with husband who has dementia . Suspect was photographed as he fled the scene in Hulme , Manchester . Bearded man was wearing purple shorts and is aged between 30 and 40 .


David Cameron revealed he and his wife Samantha were ` falling apart ' He said : ` We were n't falling out with each other , but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything ' Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome , a rare brain disorder . It left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy


The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £ 29.95 -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3D movie . The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches -LRB- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -RRB- , which means it will work with the iPhone 6 . Other features include 360 ° head tracking and an ` ultra-wide field of view '


Barcelona have one foot in last four after beating Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 . Luis Suarez scored a double and Neymar was on target in convincing win . Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side 's defeat on Wednesday . PSG travel to Barcelona for the return leg on March 21 .


Spurs have won only two of their 10 Premier League lunchtime clashes . Mauricio Pochettino believes playing in Europa League could be a factor . Spurs face Pochettino 's old club Southampton in Saturday 's early game . CLICK HERE for the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .


The seesaw was created by talented Temecula-based carpenter Kyle Toth . Kyle placed the large trunk into natural split of tree and cut it down to size . Rope attached to one side of the seesaw helps people get on and off . Seesaw is made from raw material and sends occupiers to height of 25ft .


Iowa-based writer Daniel P. Finney , 39 , weighed 563 lbs when he started sharing his weight loss journey a month ago in The Des Moines Register . He knew it was time to shape up after X-rays found arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity . Daniel , who is already down 20 lbs , is attempting to lose the weight without surgery but is terrified to give up pizza and nachos .


Filmmaker Michael Churton said he watched as the wall of ice approached . The 38-year-old from New York then told his group to get down . He said : ` It was about 4,000 feet of snow ... there was nowhere to run ' Hoping for the best , he lay down and got into the fetal position . The force of the oncoming snow caused him to slam into a rock . He dug himself out and then looked for colleagues and other survivors . Another survivor said avalanche was ` something out of a Hollywood movie ' At least 17 people who were on Mount Everest at the time have died .


Edward 's Snow Den was listed for a time as a snowboarding business . When clicked on it the opening hours were revealed as 5 am to 11 pm . One review for it said that it was a ` great source of classified information ' Whistleblower Edward Snowden is thought to be hiding out in Russia .


Jodi Arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole . Arias expressed remorse for her actions .


Small time drug dealer Rudy Guede , 29 , is serving a 16-year sentence for murder . Ivory Coast national 's DNA was found all over bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found . Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder . They were cleared by Italy 's highest court last month after being cleared . Supreme Court 's ruling throws a new lifeline to Guee ,


Jessica Carey had her grandmother 's portrait tattooed on her forearm . She then drove almost four hours to surprise her grandmother with it . Her grandmother Patty Lawing 's priceless reaction is captured on film .


Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . Here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history . Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling . June 22 , 1938 .


plastic jesus says he got the idea for the piece while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago . he put up seven 'no kardashian parking anytime' signs around hollywood .


Ronald Butcher , 75 , left his entire life savings to builder Daniel Sharp . He cut out his cousin and two family friends who were expecting to inherit . But they are now challenging the will in the High Court saying the pensioner did not know what he was doing .


Jonathan Trott out cheaply twice in Basseterre . The England batsman preparing for his first Test since Ashes turmoil . England 's low-key warm-up week in St Kitts drew to a close . Ian Bell retired on 43 and Alastair Cook after making 22 .


Ed Miliband said he would have to pay Labour 's proposed ` mansion tax ' But the Labour leader insisted that did not mean he lived in a mansion . Mr Miliband lives in a four-storey Victorian town house worth £ 2.7 million . Comes after he faced ridicule over revelations that he had two kitchens . The downstairs kitchen is used by the family 's live-in nanny .


Nelly arrested on drug charges in Tennessee after state trooper pulls over private bus. The 40-year-old rapper from St. Louis, who shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar," has been charged with felony possession of drugs. The state trooper stopped the bus carrying Nelly and five other people on Interstate 40 in Putnam County.


Katie Price 's husband Kieran Hayler cheated on her twice . The former stripped slept with two of her best friends . It has today been reported that she still checks his phone . Sam Bailey , a friend of Katie 's , says star ` panics ' when he 's with women .


Martyn Uzzell died instantly when a 4in pothole threw him into path of a car . Cyclist was riding from Land 's End to John O'Groats for charity in 2011 . His widow Kate has now been awarded a six-figure payout from the council . But North Yorkshire County Council still refuses to apologise despite coroner ruling the state of the road was to blame .


U.S. Navy is developing an unmanned drone ship to track enemy submarines to limit their tactical capacity for surprise . The vessel would be able to operate under with little supervisory control . Advances are necessary to maintain technological edge on Russia and China , admiral tells House panel .


john daniel tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left nelson on the tasman bay to travel north . on tuesday evening his brother tobias received a call from john saying he would be visiting in the coming weeks . the family learned that john had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence .


Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old . Their best result to date is a runners-up medal won by Indi . Indi has been trained to lift her paw to ` hang five ' while surfing .


Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna Lou Rayhons in July 2012. He was told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself. He argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.


Graeme McDowell won his first Masters tournament in eight years on Sunday. The former US Open champion carded a final round of 73 on Sunday. McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.


Michelle Mone, 38, bought Glasgow property off-plan in the city's upmarket Park Circus area. She split from husband Michael in December 2011. She paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013.


Spring is the perfect time to fill your home with seasonal flowers . We 've gathered a list of simple , unlikely tips to help them last . Include spraying them in hairspray and keeping them far away from fruit .


Queens Park Rangers drew 3-3 with Burnley in the Championship last term . QPR fans Harry Childs , Jack Hutchins , Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack have all been jailed for violent scenes with Burnley supporters afterwards . The quartet were involved in violence outside the Plough and Harrow pub . They then moved onto Kings Street in west London for further barbarity .


Park Crescent West , near Regents Park in London , could be demolished . Developer PCW Property Holdings has now submitted fresh plans to demolish it and rebuild it as apartments . The crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to its current design . But residents who live behind site are furious at the plans , claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives . New development


Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan. A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.


Social media is a key part of modelling agency's marketing strategy. 'Influencers' and 'blogger' divisions are being added to portfolios. General manager of Vivien's Models Catherine McGill said clients wanted models who were blonde, beachy and had a high social media following.


Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway for just £ 65,000 in 1997 . They have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning it into a stylish castle home . The fortress is reputed to have been used by leader of the Scottish Protestant Reformation John Knox as a hiding place .


Manchester United host bitter rivals City on Sunday afternoon . It could be a derby without a single local player on either side . Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have both tried to immerse themselves in the local culture . READ : Manchester United end 499-day wait over Manchester City . Vincent Kompany : Beating United at Old Trafford will help ` rectify ' season .


Chief Justice John Roberts , 60 , arrived in Rockville , Maryland court on Wednesday .


100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on Celebrity Infinity . The ship , which is based on the West Coast , left San Diego in late March . The CDC is scheduled to board the ship Monday .


Russia says Kim Jong Un has canceled trip to Moscow . Frida Ghitis : Gauging Kim 's state of mind no easy task .


Joseph McEnroe , 36 , was found guilty of six murders last week . Slayed four adults and two children in Carnation , Washington , in 2007 . Was staying behind the house with girlfriend Michele Anderson at the time . Jury is deciding whether he is jailed for life or is condemned to death . Mumbled and giggled as he testified in a bid to avoid execution .


Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players. The Reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Premier League run. But a month ago they were held to a goalless draw by Blackburn in the FA Cup.


A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in North America . The youngster named Gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear . The bear , which is believed to be called Cheyenne , appears to try and bite him through the glass . The boy and the bear go on to play together as the bear mimics his actions . He tells


The family were left in a home which had no roof and no roofing. The builders left the family in the lurch for six months. The family had used all their savings to buy the property five years before.


Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center 's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday . She received a standing ovation as the spoke to a crowd of 1,200 . ` I want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that , ' she said of ordeal . Afterwards she revealed she is in a relationship and writing a second book .


Luo Kun Kun expelled from his village in China when diagnosed with HIV . Residents - including his grandfather - signed a petition to banish him . He was refused admission to schools and said ` nobody plays with me ' Now a specialist school in Linfen , Shanxi Province , has stepped in to help . The Red Ribbon School is equipped to look after HIV-positive children .


latasha gosling, 27, and her two daughters, janyaa, 4, and jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were found murdered at their home in tisdale, saskatchewan . the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead . he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .


Bikram Choudhury , 69 , has been accused of sexual assault by six women . He has strongly denied the allegations in an interview with CNN . He said : ` Women likes me . Women loves me . So if I really wanted to involve the women , I do n't have to assault the women '


Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati , 24 , faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism . Saeed was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17 . The 24-year-old allegedly lied to FBI he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon and did not know any ISIS members . Posted photos on Facebook carrying guns and posing with known ISIS militants . In online posts , Saeed allegedly bragged about working for sharia court and fighting in battle that lasted four months .


Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali . The 34-year-old took to social media to find the ring 's owner . She created a ` Find Joe and Jenny ' Facebook page to track down the owner . Within a week , the Langley 's granddaughter , Jade , messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa and that they lived under 300 kilometres away from Ms Walsh . Ms Walsh met with the couple in Noosa on Sunday and returned sentimental ring .


Worrying rise in the amount of child abuse discovered on the internet . Experts from Internet Watch Foundation removed 31,000 web pages . This represented a 136 per cent rise from around 13,000 the previous year . Most pictures and videos found online were on websites in North America .


Eric Garner 's family and other members of Families United for Justice will attend Gray 's funeral . Gray was arrested April 12 and died a week later from a severe spinal cord injury . Three White House officials will also attend Gray 's funeral .


Guardian Kay-Ann Morris is on trial for murdering her niece Shanay , 7 . Paramedics found Shanay lying cold and stiff in bed at Nottingham home . Morris and mother , Juanila Smikle , claim she had fallen down the stairs . Paramedics later found 50 bruises on girl 's face , torso , arms and legs . Prosecution say death was due to ` sustained , vicious and brutal beating '


Nigel Farage dismissed criticism of lack of diversity in Ukip 's manifesto . He said there was a ` half black ' party spokesman featured on page six . He said the question provoked noisy barracking , including from a group of black and Asian candidates attending the launch . Mr Farage said the premise was wrong , with the picture of the party 's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored


Barway Edwin Collins , 10 , went missing from his Crystal , Minnesota apartment complex March 18 after school . On Saturday , searchers from Boy Scout troop found a body ten feet from Mississippi River 's edge which was identified as Barway . Crystal Police Chief said electronic evidence shows boy 's father Pierre Collins , 33 , was in area where body was found at time he disappeared . Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway 's death are still being investigated . Mr Collins was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murde .


Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam at the Masters . A cold front coming over Georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather . Thursday and Sunday will likely be the best weather days at the tournament .


New Haven Superior Court Judge Thomas O'Keefe Jr. ruled Monday that 49-year-old Lishan Wang should be sent to Connecticut Valley Hospital for treatment . In a court report submitted last month , mental health experts said Wang displayed ` paranoid thinking ' and was ` guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers . Wang is charged with murder in the shooting of Dr. Vajinder Toor , 34 , and shooting but missing Toor 's then-pregnant wife outside the couple 's Branford , Connecticut , home in 2010 .


A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer , the Food Safety and Inspection Service said . The type of baby food being recalled is ` Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars . Stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled .


Picture shows Elisha Wilson Beach nursing her child while on the toilet . The photo has gone viral with more than 211,000 likes on Facebook . But many have criticized the mom of two for her bathroom breastfeeding . LA-based Wilson Beach says ` motherhood ai n't pretty '


Single father Simon Wood , 38 , fulfilled childhood dream of becoming a chef . He beat mother-of-four Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd , 33 , from London . Three finalists were challenged to cook a three-course meal in three hours .


Housing chiefs have been accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans. The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday's Tory manifesto launch. Housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal'


Ukip leader Nigel Farage risks alienating those watching debate last night . Complains of ` remarkable audience even by Left-wing standards of BBC ' Comments on housing pressure due to immigration greeted with mutters . David Dimbleby says independent polling firm chose ` balanced ' audience .


The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya , an Italian leader says . At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean this year .


New archeal virus infects primitive bacteria living off methane underground . The virus has genes that speed up its own mutation rate helping it to adapt . Scientists believe it holds the key to life surviving in extreme environments . They discovered the virus in samples taken from beneath the Santa Monica Basin off the coast of California but say the viruses live around the world .


A woman walked on to New York City 's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon on Monday . She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above Newtown Creek . Police arrived on scene at about 11.50 am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down . At about 2pm


29-year-old from California was playing the game for six to eight weeks. He tore the tendon, an injury normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all. Doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people's pain and this might be why some people play them excessively.


Cars parked at Ricahrd Dunn Sports Centre near Odsal were vandalised . Bradford are appealing for witnesses and working with police . Stadium manager Mark Leadbeater says club ` will leave no stone unturned '


The two jets have been permanent fixtures at Memphis estate for 30 years . But city council has agreed Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie can be taken away . They will form part of a new museum about the King of Rock 'n' Roll . Decision follows a year of wrangling between planes ' owner and Graceland .


Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . The dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides , preferring warmer waters found further south . Warmer water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore , the trust said . While they were once drawn to warmer


John Daniel Tohill , 37 , was last heard from by his family in 2005 . His brother Tobias received a call from him on Tuesday evening . His family has hired investigators and police to track him down . John will visit his family , in particlar his ailing father , in coming weeks .


Moutassem Yazbek describes harrowing 12-day journey from Turkey to Italy . Yazbek , a Syrian refugee , paid a smuggler $ 6,500 to get him to Italy in December .


Two Australian drug smugglers , part of the Bali Nine , await word whether they 'll face a firing squad . Less is known about the seven other members of the group .


West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed Devendra Bishoo will play . Leg spinner Bishoo has 40 wickets for the West Indies in 11 Tests . England 's batsmen have historically struggled with leg-spin .


Faith and Hope Howie were born with one body and two faces on May 8 . They tragically died in hospital just 19 days after they were born . Parents Simon Howie and Renee Young visit their grave at Pinegrove in western Sydney fortnightly . They arrived on Thursday to find the grave bare of all the girls ' mementos . Staff had cleared entire baby section and thrown belongings in rubbish .


Marcus Copeland , 44 , won a best mortgage broker award back in 2007 . He has previously boasted of building his dream £ 1million hillside home . But his double life as a fraudster has emerged after he appeared in court . Copeland admitted a count of fraud in 2007 . He was told jail is an option .


qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on monday night . rob green was humiliated by a ball boy during the game . the cheeky lad decided to mug him with a homemade nutmeg . green is no stranger to blooper reel moments having let clint dempsey's shot slip through his fingers at the 2010 world cup .


Kay Hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head in Houston , Texas . Dietrich Evans , 22 , has been charged with aggravated assault for attack . Church singer was trying to get on the freeway when she honked at another driver . The driver then pulled up beside her and pointed a gun at her passenger window . He then fired on the passenger


Sandra Bullock hid in her bedroom closet and called 911 after spotting an intruder last year. The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic. The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua Corbett.


A new TSA report advises against full screening of airport workers . The report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the public .


football shirt friday is in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk . fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of bobby moore . bianca westwood, rob lee and clare balding were among those showing their support on social media .


Unicef , the United Nations Children 's Fund , has granted rare access to Sanaa Airport . The airport has previously been bombed , but the U.N. . hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies . More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began . The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels


Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in. With no access to her contacts, photos and messages, Happy Cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day and has a large network of more than one thousand online friends.


AP McCoy rode in his last races on Saturday at Sandown Park . His final ride was a third place finish on Box Office in Esher . McCoy said the reception from fans has made retiring easier . He said he considered retiring quietly , but is glad he did n't .


Alex Elenes persuaded his cousin to go to the Amazon over Machu Picchu . He booked many exciting tours including a jungle trek and piranha fishing . The traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys . His cousin Roxy de la Rosa posted the hilarious pictures on Reddit .


Deputies reassigned after threats , sheriff says . The two deputies pinned Eric Harris to the ground and one yelled `` F*ck your breath '' at him after he was shot .


More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone , the Italian Coast Guard says . In 2008 , Silvio Berlusconi and Moammar Gadhafi signed a friendship agreement in which Italy promised to invest $ 5 billion in Libyan infrastructure . In 2010 , he famously threatened to `` turn Europe black '' if Libya did n't enjoy cordial relations with the EU . In November 2013


Ashley Pegram , from Summerville , South Carolina , went on a date with a man she met online on April 3 and has not been seen since . Her sister found she had been messaging an 18-year-old man - but he turned out to be 30-year-old Edward Primo Bonilla . Bonilla told her and police that he had kicked Pegram out of his car because she was too drunk . He has been charged with obstructing justice for ` giving false and misleading information ' and police say foul play is ` a definite possibility '


Shannon Hamilton was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in Georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died . Cecily and her friend Taylor Swing died just three weeks ago after their vehicle plunged off the bridge and into the river . Hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act , has been charged with interference with government property . White County Commissioners have approved a motion to add guardrails , but there is no exact timetable for when construction will begin .


Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down in the next decade alone . University of East Anglia research says forest species at risk from industry . Rising demand for rubber tyres for cars and planes driving deforestation .


Raja , the king cobra , has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin . The snake , which is at Gosford 's Australian Reptile Park , weighs 8 kg . ` He 's about as thick as my legs , ' veteran handler Billy Collett said . Its venom will be distributed between research institutes across Australia .


alison hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her inhaler . she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat . the mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue . after five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat . she is now urging others to check their inhalers before use .


Felix the cat was found at JFK airport after being on the loose for two weeks . The two-year-old grey tabby 's crate was damaged so badly that he was able to get out and run away . The cat 's owners , Jennifer Stewart , 31 , and husband , Joseph Naaman , 34 , had launched a desperate search for their beloved pet . The pair were told


Company known for use of publicity stunts . Tweet contained pun on name of Liverpool 's Kop stand . It was used to link to Liverpool-Newcastle stats . Social media backlash leads to apology .


Man on moped knocked woman 's phone out of her hand in China . The screen cracks and she demands he pays for the damages . When he says that he has no money right now , she makes him kneel . Despite promising to pay eventually , she slaps the man across the face .


the lowenbrau keller in sydney's the rocks has released a campaign featuring the slogan 'wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen . the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'make mein a dubbel' campaign group collective shout has slammed the advertisements which they claim reinforces sexual objectification . dan hopkirk, marketing director for urban purveyor groups who owns the lowenbrau k


Archaeologists at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London found human skulls in Gough 's Cave in Somerset had been extenisvely shaped to create cups or bowls . The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism , perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin . The humans who lived at the cave were a group of Cro-Magnon hunter-gatherers


Police discovered the body of a female in bushland on Friday afternoon . Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday which sparked a search . New details revealed alleged killer Vincent Stanford reportedly had an obsession with online video games and neo-Nazi propaganda . It comes as police will contact authorities in Holland for a background check on 24-year-old Stanford , who was charged with murder . Stanford 's family led police to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith . Forensic testing will be carried out on the remains of the body on Monday .


Indianara Carvalho, 23, posted a snap of her body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary to her Instagram account. She had hymen surgery last year to 'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with 'someone special'


Jiaojiao , 5 , fell 150ft when her mother , Zheng Jiayu , left her at home alone . When she returned , Zheng saw daughter 's lifeless body below the window . Jiaojiao suffered multiple broken bones and internal bleeding but survived . Family is now facing a huge £ 100,000 hospital bill they are unable to pay .


A massive fire broke out in Louisville , Kentucky , Friday morning . The blaze sent plumes of thick smoke over the area . There were no reports of anyone injured or trapped .


Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share . When asked if he would run for president , Christie said ; ` I 've got a day job which keeps me busy '


brian nicol, 32, drowned in a pool at a villa in nueva andalucia, spain . he dived into the pool with a group of friends but failed to resurface . desperate friends dragged mr nicol out of the water and tried to save him . police said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident .


fashion targets breast cancer, the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . the campaign showcases clothes from high street giants including marks & spencer's, debenhams and laura ashley .


John Carver has become the target of fans angry with how the club is run . His depleted and disinterested squad have lost five games in succession . Supporter sites have organised a boycott of the clash with Tottenham . Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver .


Study in Milan found two dogs identified 98 % of prostate cancer cases . They examined urine samples of 900 men - 360 who had cancer . Medical Detection Dogs charity hailed the study as ` spectacular '


brigadier general hassan abbas toufan was killed in the ambush . a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack . the iraqi army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer western anbar province . fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of ramadi .


Jerry Grayson , 59 , set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew . He was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979 . He found that one of the choppers had been converted into a ` glamping ' unit . The Wessex Mark 1 is a popular style of camping for posh campers . Mr Grayson , who lives in Melbourne


Consumer Reports : Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets , 11.9 million . JetBlue was at the bottom of the list with 892,000 one-way passenger tickets , or 4.5 % of its total 19.7 million U.S. . seats . The cost of miles is built into everything you buy that 's earning you miles , and the airlines profit from you not using your miles at all . On


Jeffrey Sachs : Raw capitalism is the economics of greed . Last year was the Earth 's hottest year on record , he says .


SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon dismissed claims she wants a Tory victory . She claimed the leaked memo is down to Westminster 's fear of the SNP . She called on Ed Miliband to commit to a deal to ` lock out ' David Cameron . Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has announced a full investigation .


Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated . Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale .


A video captured a hammerhead shark in the shallows off Destin , Florida . Two swimmers had no idea the giant shark was hunting so close to them . Men on a balcony yell to warn them of the proximity of the shark .


Floyd Mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion, according to Marvin Hagler. Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth. Hagler, speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards on the 30th anniversary of his blockbuster fight with Thomas Hearns, said he is in danger of alienating fans.


Hull face Southampton at the KC Stadium on Saturday. Steve Bruce admits his side need 'crazy results' if they're to avoid relegation. The Tigers head to Southampton without a win in five games.


eddie raymond tipton, 51, of norwalk, iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery . now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to ensure his numbers were drawn by the random number generator in december 2010 . they argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number .


Prison officers and KKK members Thomas Jordan Driver , 25 , David Elliot Moran , 47 , and Charles Thomas Newcomb , 42 , arrested on Thursday . Each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder in Florida . The murder plot allegedly started after Driver had a fight with the black inmate , believed to have HIV , and he allegedly bit the prison guard . FBI gave informant a cellphone with the doctored photograph of the inmate who looked like he 'd been fatally shot - Klans men celebrated .


Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters on Wednesday. Camilo Villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par-three contest. Kevin Streelman won the par-three contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.


Colleen Crowley , the party-loving girlfriend of footballer Johnny Manziel , has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up going out . The Cleveland Browns quarterback entered rehab in January and only left on Saturday . On Tuesday , Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends . ` Significant others are the # 1 reason that people fail outside rehab , ' warned one commenter offering some words of wisdom .


Charles Collins, 28, jumped onto the tracks after Alfred McNamee, who had fallen, slipped. The elderly man broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen. Collins, who was walking ahead of McNamee, turned round when he heard him fall.


More than 20,000 foreign fighters from more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State . The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory . Worryingly , the report warned if IS was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could


Ann Price was the woman behind the ` Ghetto Burger , ' called best in America by the Wall Street Journal in 2007 . Cause of death has yet to be released . Price 's signature creation was a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili .


Poland 's cities are tourism favourites - but its Lake District is less known . Wigry National Park , in the north-east , is one of Poland 's prettiest areas . Encompassing part of the Masurian Lakes , it is great for family breaks .


Kits are intended to be a temporary solution to broken fillings and crowns . They can be bought in supermarkets for around £ 5 or even pound shops . Products are on the rise as people say they ca n't afford dental treatment . Study reveals that 20 per cent of people would carry out DIY dentistry .


Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning. She was captured on surveillance footage in the early hours of Friday. A body was recovered on Wednesday and identified as Houle's.


Christopher Dodd , 24 , and Fay Purdham , 27 , are planning their wedding . The couple grew up together as boys playing football and Playstation . After losing touch as teenagers Fay , who was born Kevin , came out as gay . Having taken hormones for years , she had gender reassignment surgery . The pair reunited at Mr Dodd 's 21st birthday party and are now engaged .


Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace . The right back has impressed at both left and right back this season . The 25-year-old has played every minute of Palace 's Premier League campaign . Ward cites Alan Pardew as a major factor in his decision to sign a new deal .


Six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded execution-style shooting in Melbourne 's southwest . The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2 am on Sunday . Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police .


Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year . Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . Schmidt also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million . His total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his Google compensation was valued at $ 19.3 million . The hefty raise came in a year that saw Google 's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company 's big spending on far-flung projects .


At 116 , Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America . With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday , Weaver became the world 's oldest person . She attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .


African elephant has regularly visited Etali Safari Lodge for four years . He 's earned the nickname Troublesome for his regular poolside antics . Troublesome empties the pools with drinking , playing and spraying . Lodge manager said Kristoff Potgieter said they 've tried to deter him . But he said they 've been out-witted : ` Troublesome is no ordinary elephant '


A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two mass graves . Iraqis find mass graves inside presidential palace compound in Tikrit . ISIS claimed to have executed 1,700 Iraqi soldiers captured outside Camp Speicher .


Crown Princess Mary spent Sunday on the farm with her children . Husband Crown Prince Frederik was absent as was Prince Christian , nine . Spent the day out petting calves and inspecting a herd of cows . Event took place in the tiny village of Kirke Hyllinge in Zealand .


Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville , Utah . He specialises in oil paintings , which can take up to 300 hours to complete . His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes , still-life objects and breathtaking motion-shots .


nepal has made remarkable progress on maternal and child health . estimates are already placing the number lost in the thousands . many of these people live in cramped conditions and have never lived outside the city .


Richard Hammond and James May have been axed from BBC's Top Gear website. The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page. Now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet.


Cassandra C., 17, ran away from Connecticut Children's Medical Center in December. She was ordered into custody of the state by a judge in December. She's now out of the hospital, according to her attorney.


South African troops help police conduct raids in Jeppestown . Defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants . Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .


russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles . one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration . they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food . it's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today . this puts to bed another theory that our ancestors were simple worms .


nyia parler cannot be extradited to philadelphia until she completes "treatment," police say . the mother of a quadriplegic man was found friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket"


David Lynch says he wo n't be directing new episodes of Twin Peaks . Showtime `` saddened '' over decision , which involved a dispute over money .


Davion Only won US hearts in 2013 with plea for family to ` love him forever ' Yesterday he was officially adopted by old caseworker Connie Bell Going . He 's lived with her two daughters and adopted boy since December . Ms Going admitted it has not always been easy but says it is worth it and ` everyday it gets a little bit better '


West Ham face Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday , KO at 1.30 pm . Cheikhou Kouyate believes the Hammers must not underestimate City . Manuel Pellegrini 's side have lost their last two Premier League games . Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to be defensively solid on Sunday .


Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after images of some of the most well known landscapes as we have never seen them before . Nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in their creations . Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists , Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren . The River Thames


Most girls grow out of their yearning for tumbling tresses as adults . But there is now a growing trend for middle-aged women with long hair . Supermodel Twiggy recently stood up for older women with longer locks . Here some of Britain 's real-life Rapunzels show off their lengthy tresses .


Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday . Marouane Fellaini was jeered by fans and pundits in a 3-0 defeat last season . Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of the Belgian midfielder . The United boss also praised goalkeeper David de Gea .


Ariana Miyamoto was born and raised in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese . But 20-year-old found it tough growing up as only black girl in her class . Was raised in Sasebo near Nagasaki where Japanese mum met her father . Has faced hostility for not being a ` pure Japanese ' beauty pageant winner . Father Bryant Stanfield says Japan will ` never be as proud of her as I am '


Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for Juventus against Torino . However , Juve fell to a 2-1 defeat and missed the chance to wrap up their fourth consecutive Serie A title . Despite the loss , Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table . Pirlo is still playing at the top of his game at 35-years-old .


Ping pong legend Deng Yaping challenged actor to game at sports awards . Deng offers star a jumbo-sized bat to give him fighting chance during skit . Instead , she picks up a wooden spoon that ` my mother uses for cooking ' Actor jokes : ` You 're going to beat me with it ? My mother said that to me ! '


Cro Cop enjoyed revenge with third round knockout in Krakow . Referee stepped in after Filipovic dropped Gabriel Gonzaga to floor . Jimi Manuwa made successful return by outpointing Jan Blachowicz .


Ruslan Bazarov was on a 100 km cycle ride when he was struck by the truck . The truck passed Barazov on the inside sucking him towards the trailer . The 28-year-old cyclist suffered two fractures to his leg and a pelvic injury . The driver stopped soon after the incident road and blamed Bazarov .


Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night . Jason Puncheon 's free-kick doubled Palace 's lead in the second half . Yaya Toure was accused of ducking out of the way of the winning goal . Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher : ` The rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it 's poor from Yaya Toure ' Gary Neville : City have a mentality problem ... they can not sustain success .


Splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . Include diving into the Thames without authority and hogging middle lane . Meanwhile other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling .


Jason Edward Harrington worked for the government agency for six years . Said staff would pull attractive people aside so they could touch them . Would also conduct bag checks on passengers on people they do not like . Made claims following revelation agency fired two employees in Denver . The pair manipulated body scanners so they could grope male passengers .


Chelsea winger Victor Moses has spent the season on loan at Stoke City . Nigeria international has returned to Stamford Bridge for injury treatment . Potters are chasing Daniel Wass , Javier Hernandez and Lee Cattermole .


Rangers have been beaten three times by Edinburgh clubs at Ibrox thisseason . Manager Stuart McCall wants victory over Championship winners Hearts . Rangers defeated Edinburgh Hibernian at Easter Road recently .


Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd . The former New England Patriots star is known for his swagger in court . His lawyers slap him on his back and huddle before court begins , appearing at ease . Jury deliberations resume Wednesday in the trial .


Lewis Hamilton claimed his third straight pole position of the season with a scintillating lap in Shanghai . Nico Rosberg was just 0.042 secs slower than his Mercedes team-mate . German said : ` Oh , come on , guys , ' when told he was slower than Hamilton for third time this season . Sebastian Vettel will start third with Felipe Massa fourth ... Valtteri Bottas and Kimi Raikkonen complete third row . McLaren endured another difficult day with Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso only 17th and 18th on the grid .


Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. The bullet struck the baby boy in the face. Minutes later, he was rushed to an area hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.


Skin cancer is not the only health danger lurking for sunbed users . Dermatologist warns the herpes virus can thrive in the warm enviroment . Ultraviolent light can kill bacteria , but level in tanning booths is not enough . Herpes is highly contagious and incurable and spreads via skin contact .


Videos of the week include drone footage of Oklahoma City . NASA has a car that drives sideways -- and a spacecraft headed for Pluto .


Researchers chose 120 passages from across all seven Harry Potter books . These passages were read by participants while in an fMRI scanner . Each was rated on how negative or positive , and how arousing they were . Scans revealed passages rated high for arousal activated parts of the brain associated with emotion , including the left amygdala .


Danny Higginbotham covers his time under Roy Keane in his new book . He played for Keane 's Sunderland during the 2007-08 season . Keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** ' before a game with Aston Villa . He also told one player he was ` not f ****** good enough ' to play for the club .


Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday . Goals from Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette sealed victory . Lyon are now top of Ligue 1 with 64 points from 32 games . French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second two points behind .


Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, assaulted his mother at her Guildford home. The chartered surveyor took a swing at her and her live-in carer. He was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford, Surrey.


Bi Fujian , who works for state-run CCTV , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song . He started going off script when he started cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong . Bi later apologized , saying : `` My personal speech has led to grave social consequences ''


bristol city beat preston 3-0 in their championship clash on tuesday . aaron wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute . steve cotterill's side are inching ever closer to promotion .


richard eckersley is training with la liga side elche . the former manchester united and burnley full-back is a free agent . eckersley has been hampered by injuries throughout his career .


Arsenal moved up to second with 4-1 win over Liverpool on Saturday . Gunners are bucking their recent trend of ending the season badly . But they had already dropped 13 points in Premier League by mid-October . Signing a defender , midfielder and forward may make them title favourites .


Tola Ore , 32 , fitted a keyboard video mouse to her Santander computer . The device allowed fraudsters to remotely access the workstation to transfer cash . Ore is eight-months pregnant and only took part because the gang threatened her daughter . She admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial . She is due to be sentenced later this morning


pm visited sacred heart roman catholic primary school near bolton . he was trying to unveil tory plan to improve education standards . children who get poor sats results will have to resit them in secondary school . mr cameron was upstaged by six-year-old lucy howarth during the visit . youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table .


Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes . Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , Bobby Zamora made it three . Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored .


Ayyan Ali was caught in Islamabad airport with the money in her carry-on bag . The glamorous model has been in jail since March 14 and was been denied bail . Illegal to carry out over $ 10,000 but lawyers say she was not going to fly with it . They she had yet to check in , and was going to give money to her brother .


Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City . The Ivorian has struggled to impose himself at the Etihad this season . Toure 's time at City is defined as a success , bringing two Premier League titles to the club . The midfielder has always placed pragmatism above sentiment .


Kate Middleton is expecting her second child in the next week . In her first pregnancy , she chose to cover up bump with stylish coats . Some choose comfort over style , while others ignore they 're pregnant at all . Kim Kardashian remained glamorous in strappy heels and tight dresses .


Comedian Chris Rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks. He encapsulated the frustration and grief caused by a New York grand jury's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man. Rock has not commented on the tweets and didn't say how the police stop turned out.


Serena Williams reached the semi-finals of the Miami Open on Wednesday . The world No 1 beat Germany 's Sabine Lisicki in three sets . Williams will face Simona Halep after she beat Sloane Stephens .


Carlo Ancelotti will make a decision on Gareth Bale 's fitness . The Welshman injured his left foot during Real Madrid 's training session . Los Blancos take on Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday , kick-off at 9 pm . Midfielder Isco is likely to replace Bale if he is unable to play .


Agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . He passed a drug test and was discharged , Alaska Airlines says . The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .


Seven female students , some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah , were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man . The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state . And the women had a chance to confront the woman , named Kayla , on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday .


Jeremy Peace looking to sell the club for between £ 150m and £ 200m . Groups from America , Australia and Far East interested in the club . Peace determined any deal must be completed by July to ensure stability .


Reanne Evans faced Ken Doherty in World Championship qualifier . Doherty won the world championship in 1997 . Evans lost the first frame 71-15 against Doherty . But the Dudley native fought back to lead 4-3 . Ken Doherty , however , managed to close out an enthralling contest 10-8 .


Officers suspended by Chief Greg Suhr with recommendation for firing . Texts targeted blacks , Mexicans , Filipinos , gay men and women . ` It 's not against law to put an animal down , ' one said of black house guest . Those facing termination include a captain and a sergeant . Man with captain 's name was promoted after alleged homophobic incident where gay man says officers said he had ` AIDS-infected pee '


Clare Balding, 44, has admitted she was on TV too much after her success presenting the London Olympics. The broadcaster, who recently hosted coverage of the Boat Race, has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.


Justin Bettman began the popular Set in the Street project in December . Caught the attention of Jose Luis , who asked for his help . Luis told his girlfriend that they had been cast in a photo shoot . When Bettman asked during the shoot if Luis wanted to try any more poses , he dropped on one knee and popped the question . Bettman told Daily Mail Online the scene made his makeup artist cry .


The three men , who are in their 50s are all from the York area . They were questioned over night by police investigating the chef 's disappearance . Miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18 , 2009 . Her father , Peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work .


British Transport Police are clamping down on ` casual thuggery ' on trains . This season alone , there has been 630 football-related incidents recorded . Chief Constable Paul Crowther said crimes may be ` under-reported ' A summit has been organised to determine the scale of the problem .


Justin D. Smith , 18 , and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz are accused of killing 22-year-old Ohio-native Jonathan Krueger .


Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university. But soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media reports. The criticism comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a Kenyan government official.


Adriana Alvarez , 22 , makes $ 10.50 an hour and must rely on food stamps , Medicaid and a child care subsidy to get by with her three-year-old son . She said water seeps into her apartment when it rains and she loses a day of wages when her son is ill because she does n't get sick days . Alvarez is a leader with Fight for $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . Half of the nation 's fast food workers require some kind of government assistance , according to a recent study .


Derby keep their promotion hopes alive with easy win at iPro Stadium . Craig Bryson gave them the lead in the third minute on Tuesday . Tom Ince scored against his former side , but did n't celebrate . Darren Bent on target twice , including a penalty in the second half .


Brothers of sex offenders are five times more likely to commit similar crimes . Sons of fathers with a criminal record are four times more likely to do so . Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line . News comes after the high profile case of Jimmy Savile .


V Stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch Thursday at Il Pastaio in Beverly Hills . She was joined by an older male companion who gave her a gift when she arrived . This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , Donald Sterling .


Alvaro Arbeloa , Asier Illarramendi and Nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of Real Madrid 's training complex . The trio were given 24-hour access to the club 's state-of-the-art HQ . Players have a room where they can shoot hoops , play games consoles and relax . There are also communal suites where Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time .


A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City 's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve , a Bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth . Now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl .


Olympic hero Bruce Jenner appears on Vanity Fair cover as `` Caitlyn '' Transgender people in the United States are riding an unprecedented wave of visibility . Shows such as `` Transparent , '' `` Orange is the New Black '' have raised awareness .


Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday . The batsman was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after being forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test . He has battled back to be on the brink of making his 50th test appearance .


Lihi Yona filmed the black lab at a public play area in Brooklyn , New York , over the weekend . After almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .


John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky 's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own . The pair performed The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper 's Delight . Barnes reached No 1 in the UK with England 's 1990 World Cup song World in Motion by New Order .


a defense petition to return 14-year-old jamie silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied on friday . jamie silvonek is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend, caleb barnes, 20, who is from el paso, texas, but was stationed at fort meade, maryland, is charged with homicide .


The 72 hour countdown on for Bali 9 Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . The two men are set to be executed on Wednesday at midnight . Nation-wide vigils have been held to show solidarity for condemned duo . Sydney Harbour saw a 15,000 flower monument reading ' #keephopealive ' Indonesian Consulates in Sydney and Melbourne also saw people gather .


Reserve Deputy Robert Bates surrenders to authorities , posts bail of $ 25,000 . Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the killing of Eric Harris .


Expert : Decision `` does n't look very urgent , '' but it appears `` well-timed '' for Pope Francis . Robert Finn remained a bishop after a 2012 conviction for failure to report abuse . Leader of watchdog group calls the Pope 's decision `` a good step but just the beginning ''


Prince Abdul Malik , 31 , marries data analyst Dayangku Raabi'atul ` Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah , 22 , today . Malik is the youngest child of the Sultan and wife , Queen Saleha , and is second in line to become the next Sultan . Ceremony took place in the monarch 's lavish 1,788-room residential palace , Istana Nural Iman in Brunei 's capital .


youtube star promise tamang has turned herself into maleficent . angelina jolie's character from the movie of the same name . mother-of-six's bone structure is a result of clever contouring .


Kate T. Parker was inspired to create her series Strong is the New Pretty after years of shooting pictures of her daughters Ella , nine , and Alice , six .


ESPN's Britt McHenry has been suspended for a week. She berated and belittled an employee at a tow company in Arlington, Virginia. She apologized, blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration.


Unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a house in south east London . Appeared to only be using rope for safety while 30-feet above the ground . Health and Safety Executive attended and stopped the work following concerns .


At least 35 workers killed at a dairy factory in Yemen as Saudi Arabian warplanes continue to bomb rebel positions. Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida. The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.


Yom Hazikaron , held this year on April 22 , is Israel 's official Memorial Day traditionally dedicated to fallen soldiers . Sirens blasted across the country at 11 am marking a two-minute silence for people to pray and pay their respects . Shoppers , drivers , classrooms and workplaces all come to standstill during emotional remembrance day .


jack grealish has been photographed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . the 19-year-old inspired aston villa to their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday . grealish is the third premier league starlet to be caught on camera apparently inhaling the legal high .


Chris Lewis , 68 , of London , is suing his ex-wife Nicola , 48 , for deception . TV boss believed Charlie , 19 , was his and paid maintenance after divorce . But two years ago a devastating DNA test revealed he was not the father . Mr Lewis believes teenager was born out of affair months after his wedding .


AP McCoy will ride Cantlow in the Irish Grand National on Monday . Cantlow disputes favouritism largely due to McCoy 's choice to ride him . He could 've ridden Alderwood or If In Doubt , also owned by JP McManus . Trainer Paul Webber said of the track : ` I hope it dries up a bit '


manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute . united boss louis van gaal revealed he had 11 disappointed faces in the dressing room .


Disney has just unveiled their latest luxury resort : Bora Bora Bungalows . The overwater villas are located on the shore of the Seven Seas Lagoon . Inspired by the South Pacific , they 're just minutes from the Magic Kingdom .


Footage has emerged of I Was Only 19 being played at an anti-Islam rally . Former Redgum frontman John Schumann condemned the use of his song . He said he was ` disappointed ' to see it used by Reclaim Australia members . Singer said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .


Mike Coupe, 53, has been sentenced in his absence to two years in Egyptian jail. The former business partner of Sainsbury's accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques. Sainsbury's opened its first store in Egypt in 1999, hoping to capitalise on a growing middle class.


Marisa Curlen, 20, was found dead in her dormitory room Friday from what has been described as a case of alcohol poisoning. Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but there was no evidence to suggest foul play.


Julian Zelizer : Hillary Clinton 's new campaign video is all about being a woman . He says it 's fine to celebrate that she 's a woman , but it 's not the best strategy . Zelizer says Democrats who pandered to women crashed and burned in 2014 .


Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways . He wants the reader to understand his passion for his job . He admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso . He writes elegantly about his pilot 's eye view of the world .


The Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco in February . The company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff . It comes after a string of controversial incidents in the hospital , including the death of a patient last month .


Ollie Devoto , Semesa Rokoduguni , Anthony Watson and Matt Banahan all crossed for Bath . Bath fly half George Ford added nine points from the boot . Newcastle replied through a Sinoti Sinoti try .


Business leaders have blasted the 'disastrous Tory campaign' which has focused too much on personal attacks against the opposition. They said Cameron's role in delivering economic growth had become the 'background noise' of the Conservative campaign when it should have been the focus.


Mikki Nicholson , 36 , suffered daily verbal abuse on the streets of Carlisle . She planned move to Newcastle , where she hoped she would be accepted . But was told she would risk homelessness if she left her social housing . The former Scrabble champion stepped in front of a train last November . For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .


Brad Pitt set up charity to build new houses after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Make It Right Foundation embroiled in legal action after homes began to rot . Claims it was lured into buying the special wood only to discover it rotted . Charity is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for ` in excess ' of $ 500k .


`` Rosie the Riveter '' appeared on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29 , 1943 . Mary Doyle Keefe was a 19-year-old telephone operator at the time .


Peter Gale was fired from Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam , Surrey . He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head , Karin Rowsell . Well-known alumnae include Olympic cycling champion Joanna Rowsell and singer Katie Melua .


Mexican artist Frida Kahlo wrote passionate love letters to her lover Jose Bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist Diego Rivera . The letters , 25 of which are headed to auction at Doyle New York on April 15 , were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 . The archive of passionate messages , which comprise more than 100 pages , were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner .


Hoda Muthana , 20 , told BuzzFeed she conspired with other jihadists to hatch a plan to flee her parents in Alabama . After a year of planning , she fled to Syria and married an Australian jihadist , Suhan Abdul Rahman , who was reportedly killed in an airstrike by the Jordanian military last month . She dropped extra courses at the University of Alabama and spent the refund


Hundreds of desperate migrants have died attempting to cross the Mediterranean in recent says . And Italians are alarmed that this year as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe .


Franz Beckenbauer thinks Jurgen Klopp could be next Bayern Munich boss . Klopp has already confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund this summer . Beckenebauer believes Klopp has what it takes to replace Pep Guardiola . Guardiola has a contract until 2016 but has been linked with a move away .


Andrew Hutchinson raped two women who were under general anaesthetic . The 29-year-old was working as a nurse at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford . Admitted 23 sexual offences last month and is facing jail when sentenced . In 2009 a student nurse complained he had inappropriate photoghraphs . The hospital trust did not think there was sufficient evidence to tell police .


Saudi officials say 500 Houthi rebels killed , but signs of progress appear scant . Civilian casualties continue to mount . U.N. Security Council favors Houthi arms embargo .


Couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination . HSBC rejected a # 250,000 mortgage application because the husband was too old . Bank said it ` relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age ' Financial Ombudsman Service found the lender guilty of being ` unfair ' The couple , who do not wish to be named , applied for joint interest-only mortgage


James Robarge , 45 , from Saxtons River , Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning . He was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old Kelly Robarge . Robarge has already served two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .


Charlie Sumner , 20 , invaded pitch at Reading 's Madejski Stadium in March . He did four front flips during FA clash before being tackled by the stewards . Sumner , from Wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games . But he said he has no regrets and that his family had ` seen the funny side '


Paul Casey ` desperately ' wants to return to the Ryder Cup after leaving the European Tour to concentrate on his game . The Englishman has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving in January . Casey will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership . The 37-year-old last played in Ryder Cup competition in the 2008 defeat by USA at Valhalla . Casey was in


TV5Monde went black late Wednesday and was still out hours later . The network blames an `` Islamist group '' ; there 's no claim of responsibility .


Some hospitals are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. Some patients may be denied routine operations. The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index.


Andrew Getty 's death appears to be from natural causes , police say , citing coroner 's early assessment . In a petition for a restraining order , Getty had written he had a serious medical condition . Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time .


the clintons spent part of their new year's holiday staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo, a private dominican resort they own . fanjul and the clintons discussed hillary's presidential ambitions during the visit . casa de campo is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic u.s. senator . new jersey sen. bob menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor dr salomon melgen in exchange for the influence of


Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre, and attracts a certain type of clientele. The restaurant's owner – Mr Wing himself – is rarely short of publicity. Wayne Rooney, in particular, visits the restaurant with his wife, Coleen, and has even helped them with publicity work.


Scott Kemery , 44 , was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns . Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket .


Defence Secretary Michael Fallon launches personal attack on Miliband . Claims Labour leader would bow to SNP 's demands to scrap Trident . Fallon says ` SNP 's childlike world view would sacrifice UK 's security ' Miliband claims the Conservative campaign has ` descended into the gutter '


Manny Pacquiao 's conference call with boxing writers was cancelled . Question and answer session had to be postponed due to technical issues . Pacquiao responded to one question in what was supposed to be his last media event before travelling to Las Vegas for May 2 fight .


Joselyn Alejandra Niño was found stuffed in a beer cooler last Sunday. She is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a cooler. She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her gripping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media.


Anthony Ray Hinton was freed Apri 3 , decades after conviction for two murders . Things like using a fork , getting used to the dark are challenges now that he 's out . He says his sense of humor helped him survive 30 years in prison .


Four-seater Cessna came down on Autobahn 28 near Hatten , Oldenburg . The male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers taken to hospital . One man , believed to have been co-piloting , is in a ` serious condition '


FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12 . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has criticised the proposal . Wenger has had his fair share of dud buys for the Gunners . Perhaps he should pay attention to building a core of homegrown players . CLICK HERE for the latest Premier League news .


Sheldon Nadelman , 80 , captured images of New Yorkers while working at Terminal Bar on 41st Street and 8th Ave. Photos between 1973 and 1982 show prostitutes , pimps and homeless people around Port Authority bus terminal . Sex workers would come in to drink cognac at eight in the morning before going out to walk the streets . Terminal Bar closed when owner did n't want to pay $ 125,000 a year rent on property that now leases for millions . Block with bar in neighborhood described as ` dirtiest , wildest and toughest ' now has an upscale grocery store .


Francis Coquelin ready for head-to-head battle with Nemanja Matic . Arsenal midfielder has shone since returning from a loan spell at Charlton . Gunners have failed to beat Chelsea since October 2012 . READ : Jose Mourinho deep down admires what Wenger has established . Jose Mourinho : Fabregas chose Chelsea over Arsenal to win trophies .


Insurers are dodging the rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women. Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system.


A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew. Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. The Duke of York was informed of the latest developments, Buckingham Palace says.


PSG take on Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . But Ligue 1 leaders will be without a trio of key players for the fixture . Zlatan Ibrahimovic , David Luiz and Marco Verratti are all missing . La Liga giants Barcelona will be without Dani Alves for the clash in Paris .


jay liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn, north wales . his tenant lee-anna shiers, 20, her partner liam timbrell, 23, their baby charlie, 15 months, nephew bailey, four, and niece skye, two, were trapped and perished . melanie smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family .


Tony Toutouni , 42 , is threatening to become the new King of Instagram . Entrepreneur has amassed a huge following thanks to his extravagant lifestyle . He is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models . His outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months . His friend Dan Bilzerian , also dubbed the King of instagram , has a staggering eight million


Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Fernando Torres hails Diego Simeone as the reason behind the Atletico success. Simeone has guided Atletico to a number of victories this season.


Labour leader says speaking English is especially important in the NHS . Says communities can not live together if they do n't have shared language . Warns exploitation drives low-skilled migration and holds down wages . Admits it was wrong to open the doors to Poles in 2004 without curbs .


the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three . people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes . about 62 miles (100 km) above earth . it will launch from blue origin's west texas facility near van horn, texas, southeast of el paso . the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys .


Edda Goering , 76 , petitioned Bavarian parliament to return father 's legacy . In 1960s she also tried to have painting looted by her father returned to her . Today she refuses to criticise the military leader , calling him a ` loving man ' Goering was deputy to Hitler and was the Nazi regime 's greatest art thief .


Liz the bearded dragon appears to understand the English language . The cheeky reptile nods when asked ` Are you hungry ? ' by her owner . Shannen Hussein has a number of pets on her hobby farm in Melbourne .


First phase of Disney 's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled . Opulent overwater villas available from $ 2,000 a night - rising to $ 4,500 at peak times . Each bungalow boasts two bedrooms , two bathrooms and a plunge pool .


Kent Police received reports of a kick-about on a closed stretch of the M25 . Came after an air ambulance was called to rescue an injured motorcyclist . Two teens were also rescued after becoming stranded on opposite carriage . Happened when the pair wandered on to the clockwise carriageway as it reopened .


Blood moon will be visible in the skies of North America , Asia and Australia . It 's the third blood moon in the ` Tetrad ' that will end in September . Red moons are predicted in the Bible and signify important events . US Pastor says strange event could predict the second coming .


Richard Henyekane died in car accident in the early hours of Tuesday . The former South Africa striker was the only person to die in the crash . Henyekane made nine appearances for South Africa back in 2009 .


Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay, where swells were as high as 3ft, for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the Coast Guard. Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals.


More than 500,000 people knock on the doors of Abbey Road studios every year only to be told that it is closed to the public . The studios hosted the world 's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo . With the aim of sharing some of this history , Google has stepped in to showcase as much of it as possible . The result is Inside Abbey Road , a new web app that takes users on an interactive , immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour .


Larry Upright 's family says he would enjoy the request . Some vow to honor it , but others say they 'll still vote for Hillary Clinton .


Austria drew 1-1 against Bosnia-Herzegovina on Tuesday night . David Alaba picked up a knee injury during the first half of the game . Alaba was out for three months earlier this season after he suffered a partial ligament tear in his right knee .


Tavon Watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail . Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the east side of the passenger door . Montes also said that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and ` counter steer ' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck . The FHP is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite , clockwise direction of the guardrails .


Video shows ESPN reporter Britt McHenry berating and belittling a tow company worker . Drexler : She was wrong to act that way , but are n't we too quick to judge without seeing full video ?


Tara McIntyre , 24 , was left with life-changing injuries after horrifying smash . Ben Hagon had been more than double legal alcohol limit when he crashed . Witnesses claimed his Mercedes was speeding up to 75mph in 40mph zone . Victim suffered fractured spine and pelvis leaving her wheelchair-bound .


Football Shirt Friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of The Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK. Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, and Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding were among those showing their support.


One Nation leader Pauline Hanson went on the attack on Sunday. She said imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong. Ms Hanson defended the anti-Islam protests across the country.


Public Health Agency confirm patient is being tested for rabies in hospital . Say that the person had recently travelled to area affected by disease . Rabies is a viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system .


Haris Vuckic has scored six goals since signing for Rangers . The 22-year-old has one year left on his contract at St James Park . The Slovenian has thrived under Stuart McCall at Ibrox . He has expressed his desire to stay at the club beyond the end of the season . But he has denied a report on Tyneside saying he has already declared his intention to leave the


alassan gobitaca, known as al the jumper, is a swedish guinness world record holder . in the clip, which features on interactive tv show world’s most talented, gobitaca is recorded successfully completing the jump .


Two mothers held the children 's heads above water amid the rising tides . Aged 18 months , three , six and eight , they were trapped on a sandbank . But onlookers ignored their cries for help and instead filmed the drama . It comes days after Boat Race spectators were rescued from the Thames .


Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school . Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school . From 2016 , if the Tories win the election , any pupil who does not achieve a good pass will be required to take a resit test .


YouGov poll of Scots : 49 % backing SNP , 25 % Labour , 18 % Conservatives . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon offered to prop up Miliband in government . But she is demanding full fiscal autonomy as a price for her support . Miliband warns it would create a £ 7billion blackhole in Scottish finances .


kelvin day is three shots off the lead at the shell houston open . englishman is playing in his first pga tour event . jordan spieth leads the way on 14 under par .


Karen Gaynor appeared in court accused of causing criminal damage . Came after she pruned neighbour 's tree that was hanging over her garden . Prosecution said her pruning was beyond lawful and had caused damage . But magistrates took just 15 minutes to find Ms Gaynor not guilty .


Coroner 's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death . Andrew Getty , 47 , had `` several health issues , '' police say . He was found on his side near a bathroom in his home , KTLA reports . The Gettys are estimated to be worth about $ 5 billion .


out of 384 applications, 80 per cent have been approved to use the word anzac . forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate . organisations such as the church of scientology, woolworths, and online sites teespring, zazzle and redbubble were reprimanded .


Iker Casillas consoled a young fan who was struck during La Liga match . The Real Madrid supporter was handed Casillas ' shirt during the interval . Real Madrid hit nine past Granada at the Santiago Bernabeu .


Polish police are appealing for help identifying a mystery man. The man, found on the streets of Gniezno in western Poland in February, told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. In the hope that someone will recognise the mystery man, local police have released pictures and information.


Justin Bieber is a good friend of Floyd Mayweather . Bieber revealed in a video that he will walk Mayweather into his mega-fight . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in the $ 300million bout in Las Vegas . Bieber has accompanied ` Money ' Mayweather into the ring several times . CLICK HERE for all the latest Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao news .


Indian Air Force and Nepalese Army medical team launch rescue mission to bring injured people to hospitals in Kathmandu . Forshani Tamang 's family carried her for four hours to reach help after she was wounded when their home was destroyed .


the signature suite at the st. regis abu dhabi is the second st. regis hotel in the uae capital . located in the centre of the city, the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator . in-room spa facilities include a private steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, two treatment beds and an exercise room .


A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people 's likes and breaking down winners by county . The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite . Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves .


Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff 's Office is seen approaching the unidentified female on the I-26 . He then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop . She struggles and tries to resist , but the officer says : ` Give me your hands , you 're not going out like this today '


Tom Colicchio : `` The Meatrix : Relaunched '' is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement . But factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting nature and damaging our health . Colicchio : We need to ask members of Congress to promote sustainable farming .


Migrant asylum claims are processed by the Australian navy while at sea . Unsuccessful applicants are returned home without reaching dry land . Up to 900 migrants are feared drowned after their boat to Europe capsized . Australian PM Tony Abbott advised the EU ` to stop the boats '


Luke Shaw joined Manchester United for £ 31.5 million in the summer . The 19-year-old admits Ashley Young is the biggest joker at the club . Players hung a fake bird in the dressing room after Young was hit in mouth . Shaw says United goalkeeper David de Gea is the ` nicest guy in football ' READ Luke Shaw : ` I 'd give myself a C - for my debut United season '


Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in Europe this season . Lionel Messi also has eight goals , one fewer than Luiz Adriano . Adriano , who moved to Shakhtar Donetsk in 2007 , has netted on nine times . Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League . CLICK HERE for all the latest Champions League news .


Defense seeks to make case to spare life of convicted Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Defense : Brother Tamerlan , who was killed during police showdown , was obsessed with jihad . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was well-liked , polite and docile , according to witnesses .


The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles -LRB- four square kilometres -RRB- in size . It was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs , possibly damaging local ecosystems . But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region . Five islands have already been made , with two more in development . China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips .


Frida Ghitis : U.S. . drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage by U.S. . drones . She says the case of The Washington Post 's Tehran bureau chief is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages . She says Iran 's hostage-taking may pale in comparison with Iranian behavior of decades past . She says use of hostages to extract concessions or dampen enthusiasm around reconciliation .


Dominika Petrinova, 27, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral. She had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash before Mr Meldik revealed the 'joke' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound.


Police say a black car pulled alongside Malaja and the driver and passenger opened fire, striking the 1-year-old in the head. The shooting took place at an intersection near an apartment complex in Kent, Washington. Detectives initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr.


Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide ; much of it makes for grim reading . Salil Shetty : Countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history .


Freddie Gray 's death has fueled protests in Baltimore . Demonstrators accuse police of using too much force and say officers should face charges .


Keonna Thomas was arrested in Philadelphia Friday as she tried to join ISIS . Thomas , 30 , was preparing to fly overseas and martyr herself for the terrorist group . Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria and said it would be ` amazing ' to fight with the group . She also shared her desires on Twitter , writing ; ` Only thing I 'm jealous of is when I see the smiles of shuhadaa -LSB- martyrs -RSB- ' She made her initial appearance in federal court on Friday in full black dress with only her eyes showing . This just one day after two women in New York were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb .


Pilot Zachary Cain Stickler , 34 , charged with domestic violence . Intentionally crashed plane into a field day after pleading not guilty . Texted friends and family before crash of his plans to kill himself . For confidential help , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .


NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ` significant problem ' , with teachers sworn at , kicked and punched . Last year , staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children 's throats . Deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism at a primary school in Walsall ,


Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City in the 86th minute . It was enough to give the Foxes a 3-1 win against West Ham . King says his goal could prove to be his most important for the club . The 26-year-old says the momentum they are taking into the final eight matches of the season could be enough to propel them above the drop zone .


Tiger Woods , back in August , Georgia , after missing the Masters last year following surgery hopes to pull of a stunning return to greatness . His girlfriend Vonn managed to come back after surgery that followed a devastating knee injury and win her 18th World Cup , a women 's record .


A family brunch with Tori Spelling , Dean McDermott and their four kids turned into a disaster . Tori 's heel caught as she was walking out of Benihana restaurant in Encino and she fell backward onto a hot hibachi . She was later taken to the Grossman Burn Center at West Hill Hospital . Doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she did n't act right away .


karen sharpe, the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager, defended her son in an interview . sharpe said she cannot believe that slager would do anything like what he's accused of . she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott's family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever' . slager is behind bars and has been fired from his job, though he has yet to enter a plea .


Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour . Finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . The 26-year-old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps .


Kim Sears watched Novak Djokovic defeat Andy Murray at the Miami Open . Looked serious in a Whistles black mini dress , sunglasses and straw hat . Third time Kim , 27 , has worn a black dress at the Miami Open .


David Cameron claims he is a West Ham fan during a speech . The Prime Minister has previously said he supported Aston Villa . The Tory leader apologised , saying he experienced ` brain fade '


jack jordan, 23, has battled leukaemia since 2013 . laura jordan, 24, and jack, 23, got engaged at jack's hospital bedside . couple got married in torbay hospital chapel just six days after the news .


Opulent palace in Tripoli - which once had a zoo , fairground and pool - was razed to the ground during revolution . Libyans were ` even afraid to look at walls of palace ' , for fear of being arrested while Gaddafi was in power . Now his former strongholds lie in ruin , after civil war which devastated country and saw Gaddafi killed by rebels .


cape verde has long been a melting pot of cultures, history and races . the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade . cape verde is seeking to tap-into this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish .


Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz . Bachmann said with possible Iran deal , Obama will fly `` entire nation into the rocks '' Reaction on social media ? She was blasted by Facebook commenters .


The 29-year-old attended The Ivy Chelsea Garden launch party with friend . Prince Harry 's ex looked fresh-faced and in high spirits at the London party . Paired chiffon top with slim-fitting navy trousers and tan wedges .


Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat QPR 4-2 at Villa Park . Matty Phillips -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- and Fabien Delph -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- also scored for the visitors . Gabriel Agbonlahor -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- was also on the scoresheet for QPR . Tim Sherwood 's side are now 11th in the Premier League table . Brad Guzan -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- could not have done much with any


Frances Clarkson , 53 , is holidaying in Barbados with family and friends . She spent Easter Bank Holiday weekend on the Caribbean island . She holidayed on the island in 2011 with her estranged husband Jeremy .


just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean . un officials say procedure should only be carried out when 'medically necessary' a planned caesarean costs the nhs an average of £2,369, compared to a natural birth at £1,665 .


RSPCA officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at farm . Footage shows the scarred animals were held in electrical shock collars . They were covered in injuries and kept in appalling urine soaked cages . Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £ 40,000 .


David Adam Pate from Lancaster , North Carolina , killed Ricky James in 2013 . Lured him into some woods with wine before knifing him 39 times . Dumped his body in a creek , but it was found a month later by children . Told police he used a knife ` like the one Michael Myers used in Halloween ' 25-year-old pleaded guilty to the brutal slaying in court on Thursday . Victim 's brothers said they hope he suffers in prison and is the ` devil ' One of them stormed out of court screaming after testifying at sentencing .


Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres. The company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX' launch of Falcon 9, which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable.


Hugh Roche Kelly posted a picture of the pilot on his Twitter account. He said the pilot calmed nerves on his flight by giving a speech in three languages. He said the pilot spoke about how the cabin crew still loved their jobs.


Bega Cheese CEO Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences . 10 boys and girls , aged eight to 16 , have been abused over the last decade . His wife Louise is concerned for her safety after letterbox was firebombed . She has also received threatening phone calls . She altered freeze order in court on Thursday , she can now sell their home . Earlier this week one of Maurice 's victims read her impact statement . She told Sydney District Court on Monday she felt scared and ashamed . ` I did n't know it was against the law , ' the victim said .


Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday. Tyreke Evans had 19 points and 11 assists, and Eric Gordon added 14 points for New Orleans. The Pelicans will make the play-offs for the first time since 2011.


Former British PM made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg. Ecologists fear a mining boom in region could destroy sacred treasures.


Mohammed Nisar, 55, returned bag to passenger after realising mistake. Passenger had been carrying £10,000 in cash after cashing cheque from his inheritance. Mr Nisar, of Hereford, says 'honesty is the best policy'


John Bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 and went blind when he was 30 . After going blind , Bramblitt began creating the most amazing artworks . Some of his art features scenes and people he has never seen before . Despite being blind , his art is highly accurate and incredibly vibrant .


karen buckley, 24, disappeared after leaving a glasgow nightclub . she was last seen leaving the flat of a man she had met at 4am on sunday . miss buckley was planning to walk home to her flat in garnethill, glasgow . cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club . she then got into his car and drove to his flat in nearby kelvindale . a handbag thought to be hers was found in a park yesterday .


Orange County Fire Authority paramedic Chris Trokey was part of a team that saved a driver 's life after his car was hit by a truck in 2011 . When he went to the hospital , he learned the man was Dr Michael Shannon - the same man who saved his life when he was born weighing 3 lbs . The two men reunited this weekend at a fundraising event .


The pilot scheme will initially recruit 10 people with autism . They will be based in the tech giant 's Redmond offices in Washington . Microsoft is running the scheme with help from specialists Specialisterne . The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations , who herself has a 19-year-old autistic son .


Valencia claimed a 3-0 derby victory at home to Levante on Monday . Singapore-owned club moved to within a point of Atletico Madrid .


West Ham United midfielder Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career. Song has picked a mixture of talent in his squad. The midfielder has also played for Arsenal as well as representing Cameroon at international level.


Wales have climbed 15 places in world rankings to 22. They beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Haifa. England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifying.


The football star is said to be flying his closest friends to the five-star luxury Amanjena resort outside Marrakech . Tom Cruise , Guy Ritchie , Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the lavish event . The opulent hotel is where David and Victoria renewed their vows in 2004 .


#tacocannon trends in Omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos . The cannon will shoot off tacos at University of Nebraska-Omaha 's new arena .


Tom Sturridge , 29 , will star in American Buffalo alongside Damian Lewis . He is fast becoming a critics ' favourite but is picky about his work . Engaged to Sienna Miller , the mother of daughter Marlowe . Born into an acting family , he 's best friends with Robert Pattinson .


Harry Redknapp left his position as QPR manager in February . He went to the Emirates to watch Arsenal v Liverpool as a spectator . After the game , he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans while he was stuck in traffic trying to leave the stadium . Redknapp claims the small minority of fans spoil it for the rest .


Jennifer McGirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel , which she owns , were shattered after a man threw a brick at them . She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality TV show .


mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can be distressing . the pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are affected . as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with occasional single mouth ulcer .


Andrew ` Drew ' Butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez . Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off . Butler dragged her body from the driver 's seat and left it on the road . He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby . Family have since set up a GoFundMe page to


richard curry was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum . was told he would have to have his nose removed to stop cancer spreading . 71-year-old was told he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose . had procedure to have magnetic implants inserted into cheekbones and nasal cavity in order to hold the prosthetic in place . mr curry said: 'losing my nose was something of a shock but i didn't have much choice because this kind of cancer is one of the most dangerous you can get'


Amir Khan has waited for Floyd Mayweather to fight Manny Pacquiao . The fight between the two is set to take place in Abu Dhabi this November or December . If Khan wins his bout with Chris Algieri in New York next month , all that would appear to stand between him and his long-awaited mega-fight is the outside chance of a re-match between Mayquiao and Mayweao . Khan is


`` A big ship creating a big wave ... they lost balance , '' a U.N. . official says . A U.N. . official says the ship may have been touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid . A company that manages the King Jacob denies that the cargo ship caused the boat to capsize . A U.N. . official says she and her colleagues


Carl Frampton has been offered £1.5m to face Scott Quigg in one of the biggest all-British fights in recent memory. Quigg's promoter Eddie Hearn attempted to jolt Frampton's camp into a July 18 fight in Manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman's career.


Luke Rockhold takes on Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday . The middleweights will hope the winner will earn a title shot . Rockhold believes he has to dominate Machida to earn the win .


Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing.


Ali Maffucci , 28 , wanted to slim down for an upcoming photoshoot . She replaced pasta , rice and potatoes with spiralized vegetables . Along with exercise , she managed to lose 11 kg -LRB- 24 lbs -RRB- in three months . Says spiralized food is ` delicious ' and she has more energy than before .


An eBay listing posted Friday showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez and identifying information including height and weight . The listing claiming ID was from Soffolk County Jail was deleted Saturday . No bids had been put on the listing , which had a starting price of $ 500 . Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd .


Mexican restaurant chain cut carnitas pork from third of stores this year . Company does n't know when it will be fully supplied again . Dunkin Donuts , McDonald 's switching to more sustainably raised meat . Farmers need buyers for ` premium ' pig parts after Chipotle takes shoulders .


Charles Tillman has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. The veteran cornerback has been linked to other NFL teams. Tillman has been a stalwart of the Chicago Bears defense for 12 years.


Erica Kinsman filed lawsuit seeking damages from the former quarterback . She claims he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . Kinsman claims she met Winston while drinking in Tallahassee . She says she took a shot offered by him at the bar in December 2012 . Next thing she recalled he was having sex with her in spite of pleas not to . Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . The lawsuit was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft , where Winston is a top prospect .


Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week, giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is 'quite flattered' by interest from Arsenal.


Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia . The island has baffled experts for over a hundred years who say it could have been anything from a prison , to a palace or monastry . A reconstruction sought to show what the island could have looked like before it was ruined .


manchester united are set to play four pre-season games in america . louis van gaal's side have turned down offers from asia and australia . united will operate out of one base in america and travel to their games from there . the club have agreed once again to rake part in the international champions cup that they won last summer by beating liverpool in a final in miami .


Ed Miliband accused of ` hypocrisy ' after 68 MPs used zero-hour contracts . 100 workers and employers from ` all walks of life ' signed letter backing Ed . But signatories included affluent students and union and party activists . John-Jo Pierce and Rory Somerville both pictured in black tie with cigars . Wayne Hemingway , Red or Dead co-founder , has used zero-hour contracts . A picture caption in an earlier version of this article wrongly stated that Rory Somerville is 31 years old . We are happy to clarify that Mr Somerville is 21 and was aged 19 in the photo . The caption also wrongly attributed comments said by Deirdre Pierce about her son , John-Jo , to Mr Somerville 's mother .


Jon Reiter was attempting his first climb to the summit at the time . Survived the avalanche but then helped to distribute medicine to the hurt . Managed to contact his wife Susan by satellite phone in the aftermath . Three Americans who were on the mountain at the time were killed . They were among 18 mountaineers and many sherpas who perished .


Eaze lets users choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver. The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can 'find the perfect medicine' in more states.


Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool 's 0-0 draw with West Brom . Robert Huth was Leicester 's best defender during their 1-0 win at Burnley . Nathan Dyer showed Swansea boss Garry Monk what he 'd been missing upon his return from injury .


Alan Lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month old son , Wil , appears to be flying to raise awareness about Down Syndrome . Wil has Down Syndrome and Lawrence says the toddler ` brings a light to our family ' Lawrence plans to put the photos in a calendar and donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations .


Manchester City have been restricted to a net transfer spend of £ 49m . Club 's also had to keep overall wage bill to its current level of £ 205m . Punishments imposed by UEFA for breaching Financial Fair Play rules . The spending restrictions were set for this season and the next one . But City are confident they will be lifted early after their compliance .


Project doubles number of new starter homes in England to 200,000 . Properties will be 20 % cheaper than their market value for under-40s . Starter homes can cost no more than £ 250,000 or £ 450,000 in London .


Chelsea forward Tammy Abraham nets first-half double for Chelsea . Dominic Solanke adds a third late on as Chelsea look set to win trophy . Manchester City struggle without injured star Thierry Ambrose . READ : Mourinho warns his young Chelsea players he can not play them all . CLICK HERE to read our match report from Man City 's Academy Stadium .


Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip . Mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch as an alligator attacked her and came out of the water . Mavis was viewed as a ` neighborhood dog ' in Mobile 's Midtown section . Local resident Nicole Lavirriere has said of Mavis ` I think she 's like the Norm of `` Cheers '' '


.50-caliber bullets equipped with optical sensors can follow moving targets . The `` smart bullets '' can help shooters compensate for high winds . The goal of the program is to give shooters greater range and make American troops safer .


David King had not been seen since he went to tea with friends in October . The 70-year-old is thought to have got into an argument before his death . Prosecutor said a neighbour admitted to putting Mr King 's body in the well . But the man has yet to explain ` the circumstances of the death '


Disturbing photo shows Cortez Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding a leash . Berry told family members he was jumped by ten other inmates and guards did n't check on him until six hours after the incident . Department of Corrections is investigating and believe the incident was gang-related . Mom Demetria Harris said she wants an assurance from the department that he will be able to pay his debt to society , without being killed . Berry has since been transferred to a different prison , where he is now in protective custody .


On FM , Norwegians can only find five stations . Digitally , there are four times that number .


Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket. Moores' position as England coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful World Cup campaign. Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton, the man who brought him back to the coaching job.


400 extra officers drafted in by the British Transport Police this weekend . Rivals Manchester United , Liverpool and Leeds will all be in London . United face Chelsea and Leeds travel to Charlton Athletic on Saturday . Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium .


Tibor Racsits , 42 , and daughter Kiara , 13 , were attacked on Sunday night . He 'd gone to pick her up from the movies in Newcastle , north of Sydney . Footage shows group of boys kicking Mr Racsits in the stomach and head . Kiara ran to help her father but was slammed face-first into the concrete .


Shay Given to start against Liverpool in FA Cup a day before he turns 39 . Tim Sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for Sunday 's semi-final . Given has played in all four of Aston Villa 's FA Cup matches this term .


Madison Hurd , from Seward , Nebraska , was hospitalized with sepsis . Hurd had heart problems and knew she would n't make it to the prom . But nurses decorated her room in the same Great Gatsby-theme , did her nails , hair and makeup and laid her dress over her hospital gown . Hurd 's boyfriend also flew out from Alabama with a tux and corsage .


Amy Schumer took a fake tumble Tuesday in front Kanye West and Kim Kardashian . The comedian pulled the prank at the TIME 100 gala in New York . Schumer , whose `` Inside Amy Schumer '' also premiered Tuesday , is having a moment .


Thomas Piermayr has been training with the Championship club this week . Blackpool sit bottom of the table and are set to be in League One next year . Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids .


Liana Barrientos , 39 , re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating . She has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam , prosecutors say . Barrientos pleaded not guilty Friday to misdemeanor charges .


Frida Ghitis : The U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical . She says Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices . Ghitis says by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran 's power , the United States is only making Tehran taller .


Donald Graham , 62 , killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown , 45 . He stole £ 300,000 of her savings , her Land Rover and Porsche , took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family . Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . Graham , who dubbed himself Teflon Don , was last yearjailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing Ms Brown for her money .


Cressida Bonas , 26 , says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry . Says she is ` a strong , independent woman ' in new interview to promote Mulberry 's new muse . Pushs of becoming part of Royal Family put strain on relationship with Prince Harry . Says as you get older , you find out more about yourself and what you like


Blake , 27 , welcomed daughter James with Ryan Reynolds in January . Actress has been parading her new figure promoting latest movie . Swears by ` gentle ' exercises such as hiking and bike rides .


Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals linked to cancers and diseases . A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical ` above levels of concern ' Author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies ,


Al-Shabaab is an al-Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia . It claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a Kenyan mall in September 2013 . The group has recruited some Americans .


Owner of Manhattan building which exploded could face criminal charges . Nicholas Figueroa , 23 , and Moises Locon , 26 , died in the huge explosion . Authorities are now building a case against the owner , it has been claimed . Investigators are looking into possibility gas was tapped from next door .


Patrick de Koster will go ` around the world ' to talk about Kevin de Bruyne . The Wolfsburg midfielder is wanted by Manchester City and Bayern Munich . De Koster has admitted having talks with City chiefs this season . But he has not spoken to Manchester United about a move for his client . De Bruyne remains happy at Wolfsburg and could yet remain at the club .


southampton sit seventh in the premier league on 53 points . saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches . ronald koeman's side play hull on saturday and could recall sadio mane .


Mike Lane , 40 , was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars . Video of the incident and a dossier of evidence was given to Wiltshire Police . Mr Lane , who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt , was kicked in the head .


Asmir Begovic is entering the final year of his contract with Stoke City . The 27-year-old goalkeeper has been linked with other clubs previously . Stoke are hopeful they can arrange a new deal to warn off potential suitors . CLICK HERE for the latest Premier League news .


Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record on Sunday . Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds . Shane Bryne finished less than a quarter of a second downÂ .


Christine Lillico, 47, from Heddon-on-the-Wall, Northumberland, was trusted with looking after her parents' bank accounts. But instead of using the money to care for John and Audrey Air she plundered their life savings.


Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the power to set a higher state pension . He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto tomorrow . But the move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk by setting Scotland apart from the rest of UK .


French international Vincent Duport is out for the rest of the season . Winger Duport suffered ruptured tendon against Hull FC defeat in March . The shoulder injury picked up in the 33-22 defeat requires surgery .


Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace . James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies . West Brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory , drawing five and losing five .


The 34-year-old singer made the initial comments on Loose Women . Argued that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated ' Plus-size industry says views are ` uninformed ' Star faced bitter Twitter backlash , then appeared on Good Morning Britain . Back on Loose Women this afternoon , she clarified her views . Janet Street Porter and her other co-stars leapt to her defence . Real-life women have been posting their pictures to Twitter . They 've been using #wearethethey in reference to her comments .


A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. Last week, Indonesian authorities rescued around 330 migrants from Benjina, bringing them to the island of Tual, where they are now being sheltered by the government.


Slovenian-born Aljaz Bedene defeated Belgium 's Arthur De Greef . Bedene will face Jiri Vesely after beating Arthur De Greef in 70 minutes . The 25-year-old switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain in March .


Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series. The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure, who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner in the original series.


Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship . The toothfish poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on Monday . The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it 's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel .


arnold palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the masters on thursday . the 85-year-old legend has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder . jack nicklaus and gary player were the honorary starters at augusta national .


Romanian club Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sacked Ze Maria on Wednesday . But the former Brazil international was reinstated the next day . He was then sacked again following a defeat on Saturday .


The singer was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday . Told the stunned audience that ` Bobbi is awake . She 's watching me ' Did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . After , his sister Tina wrote on Facebook , ' -LSB- Bobbi -RSB- woke up and is no longer on life support !!!!! :-RRB- : -RRB- God is good ! ... ' Whitney Houston 's family denies anything has changed , according to a source . Bobbi Kristina has been in a medically induced coma since January . Bobby is reportedly at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife Whitney Houston over how long to keep his daughter on life support .


Abedin was Clinton 's deputy chief of staff at the State Department and was her ` body woman ' during the 2008 presidential campaign . State Department is investigating a special arrangement that allowed her to earn a second income at a Clinton-linked consulting firm while she drew a government salary . Abedin also used a private email address on Hillary 's infamous home-brew private email server while she worked at State . She is married to disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and stood by him through a string of embarrassing sexting scandals . Huma is a Muslim whose mother teaches in Saudi Arabia , a country that donated millions to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary ran the State Dept.


The Fashion Police host dated actor Jerry from 2003 to 2004 . In her new tell-all Going Off Script she confessed he cheated on her . Giuliana , Jerry and Rebecca Romijn all attended a Maxim party in June 2006 . O'Connell went on to marry Rebecca in 2007 and they had two children . He previously hooked up with Spice Girls member Geri Halliwell .


In New York and California , there is a tendency for people to use the word ` so ' in sentences to increase drama . Phrases such as ` here 's you a water bottle ' are common in the south , but people in the north find it strange . To find more examples of unusual grammar use , zoom in on the map below and click on a red location marker .


Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia. The woman, a licensed trainer, was also charged with obstructing police. The 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were each charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.


Cui Hongfang , 73 , died in front of her family after she was knocked over . She fell down a set of steep stairs and struck her head on the stone wall . Police interviewed witnesses and ruled the woman 's death an accident . Victim 's family sued the tourist and attempted to stop her from leaving .


Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday . This fixture has produced most hat-tricks in Premier League history . Five trebles have been netted during Liverpool against Arsenal matches . Robbie Fowler -LRB- twice -RRB- , Thierry Henry , Peter Crouch and Andrey Arshavin have all scored three or more times in a single fixture .


Wigan confirmed Sam Tomkins is to re-join the club during Thursday 's derby against Warrington . The 26-year-old full back is to cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors .


Italian musician Andrea Furlan was filmed playing in Milton Keynes . He holds a hand-made ` butterfly landscape ' designed didgeridoo . As he plays a tune some of the cows lift their heads and take note . Suddenly the whole herd are compelled to run towards the sound . They stand rooted to the spot for the duration of the composition . Andrea described moment as ` an amazing and humbling experience '


A new series , Chaos Caught on Camera , premieres on Science Channel Monday , April 13 , and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama . The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage .


The highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range . The move proved an instant success as the $ 88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range . The bloggers received ` unspecified compensation ' in return for giving the dress their seal


England were held to draw against West Indies in 2009 despite leaving their opponents with a hefty target of 503 . Gary Ballance battled on in Antigua despite suffering a knock to his arm . Joe Root made an impressive contribution with his 142 runs .


Pregnant woman was left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel . Her partner ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare . The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point , Kent , at 3.30 pm yesterday . HM Customs cutter was on the water nearby and was able to locate vessel within minutes and spotted a red flare .


Gareth Bale suffered a calf strain on Saturday evening at the Bernabeu . The Welshman was forced off in the early moments against Malaga . Bale will almost certainly miss the clash with Atletico on Wednesday .


News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator. Mr Clarke defended newspaper as 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia' Greens Senator Christine Milne asked why paper is not profitable. Mr Clarke fired back: 'You're a minority'


Radamel Falcao could still earn permanent deal with Manchester United . Colombian striker joined United on a one-year loan deal in September . Falcao has less than impressed during his time in the Premier League . Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims club could still sign Falcao .


Police gave chase to a gang of robbers who had raided a cash and carry . They tried to escape in a car after ramming two police vehicles on the M42 . Eventually tried to flee on foot but were arrested by police . The gang have now been jailed for a total of 30 years at Birmingham Crown Court .


Stand-up routine on The Tonight Show on Thursday branded ` a bomb ' Singer said she was a ` closet comedian ' always wanted to do stand-up . Her jokes were about dating younger men and her art collection . ` I crack myself up , ' she said at one point .


in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people . roy ramm, former commander of specialist operations at london's scotland yard, explains how they are organized .


Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch gender in hours . The botanist said the tree displays ` unique flowering behaviour ' However , trees are usually successful in avoiding polinating themselves .


Chris Rock posts selfies after being pulled over three times in last seven weeks . `` Stopped by the cops again wish me luck , '' he posted this week .


Chelsea Bruck last seen on October 26 in Frenchtown Township , Michigan . 22-year-old 's body found Friday and identity confirmed with dental records . Remains discovered close to train tracks near woods on private property . Costume found about ten miles away at an industrial site near Flat Rock . Cause of death has not been determined but evidence indicates homicide .


Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan and his son , Brendon . He carried out shooting last August to avenge nine-year-old sister , Cathy . Cathy was killed in a car smash involving Brent 's father , Herbert , in 1970 . Herbert given nine-month sentence for dangerous driving ; has since died . Vuozzo , from Prince Edward Island , said the sentence had ` haunted ' him . Knew victims , who lived near Montague , were not involved in fatal crash . Defendant pleaded guilty to first - and second-degree murder in February . He was jailed for life on Monday ; he is not eligible for parole for 35 years .


Ronda Blaylock was just 14 years old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted . This after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man after school in Rural Hall , North Carolina . Town is some wholesome it was used as a model for Mayberry in ` The Andy Griffith Show ' Her friend was dropped off but Ronda was never seen again . The man , now likely in his late fifties , has never been found . Now police say that new DNA evidence as well as testimony from key witnesses has them close to solving the case . Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to finding him .


The FBI arrested a Philadelphia woman on Thursday. She is one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. The FBI says she purchased an electronic visa to Turkey in March.


MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities . Opt for a stroll around New York 's recently-built Highline or Paris ' Jardin du Luxembourg , or visit one of London 's many free museums .


The Exotic Driving Experience park lets racing fans drive top-end cars . Gary Terry , 36 , died in the crash and was on the passengers side . Tavon Watson , 24-year-old hotel bellhop , was driving and was taken to hospital for treatment . Day at the racetrack was a gift from Watson 's wife for his birthday . Disney World spokesman said driver ` lost control ' of the Lamborghini . Family friend said working at Disney attraction was a ` dream job ' for Terry , a former race car driver from Michigan .


The USA have unveiled their new kits for the women's soccer team. The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond. But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.


Real Madrid return to action at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night . They kept up the pressure on Barcelona with a 9-1 thrashing of Granada . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the Bernabeu rout . Carlo Ancelotti now faces a selection poser ahead of Rayo visit . Isco and James Rodriguez are both fit and available again . Barcelona , four points clear , host Almeria on Wednesday night .


Double victory for Oxford as both men and women 's teams won races . Women competed on same course as men and on same day for first time . Up to 300,000 expected to line the banks of the Thames for historic race . Oxford men 's rowing team claimed their fourth win in five years .


Haye , 34 , stopped as he arrived at Dubai International Airport for a holiday . He was taken to a police station and handed over his passport . Cheque had been the final payment on a new property in the UAE . He says the ` bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error .


Michael Slager , a police officer in North Charleston , South Carolina , is charged with murder . He is accused of shooting a 50-year-old father of four Walter Scott in the back . Prosecutors say he is not eligible for the death penalty even if he is convicted of murder . The shooting did n't include a list of ` aggravating circumstances ' which state law says are conditions


Boko Haram accused of war crimes by U.N. human rights chief . Militants in Nigeria accused of murdering ` wives ' during retreat . Reports also say they have used children as ` expendable cannon fodder '


Reading University researcher says bees prefer cities to fields . Expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population . Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease . Reason is likely due to wide variety of flowering plants in urban areas .


Joanna Flynn , 50 , also charged with criminal negligence causing death . ` This should never have happened ' , widower of alleged victim tells media . Deanna Leblanc died last year at Georgian Bay General Hospital , Ontario .


Bush , 90 , fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath . He joined Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. . Men 's Clay Court Championship in Houston , Texas .


Two different online audit tools say no more than 44 per cent of Hillary 's 3.6 million Twitter fans are real people who participate in the platform . The newly minted presidential candidate is fending off accusations that her Facebook page is full of fake ` likes ' Her Facebook fan base includes more people from Baghdad , Iraq than any US city . When she was secretary of state , her agency paid $ 630,000 to bulk up its Facebook likes , but pledged to stop after she left .


Anthony Doerr 's `` All the Light We Can not See '' wins Pulitzer for fiction . Elizabeth Kolbert 's `` The Sixth Extinction '' wins general nonfiction prize .


Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 . The bout is expected to generate $ 300 million in revenue . Iyanna Mayweather has been in training camp with her father Floyd .


Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had a go at each other after the Chinese Grand Prix. Both had their say in public about the row that broke out after the race. Rosberg said his team-mate had been 'selfish' by slowing down while leading the race.


The Queen has distributed the traditional Maundy Money in Sheffield . Two bags of coins were presented to 89 men and 89 women during service . One was brave D-Day veteran , 91-year-old Denis Gratton . Her Majesty arrived in the city on the Royal Train with Prince Philip . Royal Maundy tradition dates back to 1210 and the infamous King John . John , who appears in Robin Hood , was also forced to sign the Magna Carta . Royals were once required to wash the feet of beggars during the service . Only the nosegay , intended to hide the smell , still survives of that part .


Materials scientist Ryan Consell studied the composition of modern steel. He found it wasn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite. The findings were made for the American Chemical Society.


Raymond Handley , 62 , jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually assaulting girl , 8 . Daughter Becky , 20 , learned of his crimes after reading about them online . Described her father as ` disgusting ' and said he should be ` hanged ' Now wants to change her name via deed poll and disown him .


Ronen Ziv 's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu . `` It 's terrifying , '' he says .


City fears the impact of an inconclusive election result on the markets . The pound has fallen almost 5 % against the dollar in the past five weeks . Fears it could fall another 10 % if a badly hung parliament after May 7 .


The crash occurred at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway . Officials say the driver , 24-year-old Tavon Watson , lost control of a Lamborghini . Passenger Gary Terry , 36 , died at the scene .


Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix . They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . These include forgetting to lock the door and running out of battery . You can vote for your favourite design and the winner will be crowdfunded .


Ahmed Farouq was a leader in al Qaeda 's India branch . He was killed in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January . Like Adam Gadahn , Farouq was American and part of al Qaeda .


Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing. The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.


Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. The 19-year-old earned his first international cap for Belgium against Cyprus. Denayer is expected to partner Vincent Kompany at Manchester City.


Pre-colonial Brazilians thought twins were a product of adultery . Greek mythology believed twins were the product of intercourse with gods . Many of us remain baffled by the uncanny bond identical twins share .


The video depicts the 918 Spyder driving down the Stuart Highway . The car was driven by New Zealand professional racer Craig Baird . The stunt is part of a promotional tour to showcase the hybrid cars .


Social media and smart phones cause a minefield of problems while dating . Being clingy on Facebook or constantly on your mobile can be off-putting . FEMAIL provides ten tips for stress-free dating .


Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final . Izzy Brown scored twice and Dominic Solanke also scored for the Blues . The Blues are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions . They will face Manchester City next week in their fifth final in six seasons . The Blues beat Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final of the competition . The Blues have won


Manchester City will make signing English players a priority this summer . Raheem Sterling , Danny Ings and Ross Barkley are all on City 's wanted list . Club chiefs want to sign young , hungry potentially world-class players . The Premier League champions , however , will not compromise on quality . Manuel Pellegrini has admitted it 's hard to sign the best English talent . City need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season .


Ian Madigan kicked five penalties for Leinster . Leigh Halfpenny replied with six three-pointers for Toulon . Toulon lock Ali Williams was yellow carded during extra-time . Bryan Habana raced away for a crucial try shortly afterwards . Leinster flanker Sean O'Brien crossed for a late consolation try .


Graphic images appeared on defunct Young Entrepreneurs Awards sites . Pornographic site took over address after the page was shut down in 2011 . HSBC has since apologised for error and denied association with the page .


Pictures show the late lamented actor laughing and joking while on set . Peter O'Toole continued filming despite suffering from a long-term illness . Director Michael Redwood paid tribute to actor 's unique sense of humour . Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria hits cinemas today .


Massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake has struck Nepal near its capital , Kathmandu . As the death toll rises , witnesses describe devastation and panic .


Kyli Wolfson , 29 , felt severe pain whenever she ate thanks to the disorder , which developed in October 2012 , when she was 26 . She dropped to just 80 lbs and doctors told her she would likely need a feeding tube for the rest of her life . Diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis , Kyli 's only hope was to undergo a 14-hour surgery to remove her pancreas .


Alan Davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job. The controller of BBC Radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging. He said: 'If you look back at the Third Programme (the original name for Radio 3), they were bringing high culture to a relatively mass audience'


Sarah Foot began swimming outside after a dip on Hampstead Heath . Now goes for regular dips in the bracing 8C waters of the North Sea . Says nothing beats the ` silky smooth ' feeling of swimming in cold water .


Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs using codes over their radios . It has been reported that 1 in 12 truck drivers are high when pulled over . According to a former truckie , the trend is more common that you think . A video has appeared online showing a man snorting ice behind the wheel . He is driving a 40-tonne rig and says it is for his fatigue . Many are rorting the system so they can drive for 16 hours a day .


Photographs taken by satellite show sandstorm hitting Arabian Peninsula . Massive dust cloud was believed to be almost as large as the U.S. . It billowed across Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Oman and as far east as India .


Cheryl Howe , 32 , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at age 12 . Morecambe mother-of-two fought for six years for treatment on the NHS . Even Conchita Wurst sent her a note of support after abuse from trolls . Has now been told she 'll receive more than £ 10k in funding .


Supermodel gearing up for her fourth marathon in London this month . Almost died having her daughter and now wants to help other mums . Christy , 46 , set up Every Mother Counts to help women around the world .


Cadbury 's Freddo Frogs have decreased from 15g to 12g . The recommended retail price of the iconic Aussie treat will stay the same . Comes after Cadbury shrunk its family size block by 9 per cent . Last year Nestle sliced its Killer Pythons in half from 47g to 24g . The size of the size of Smarties ` fun size ' boxes also shrunk by 20 per cent .


german student paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing his classmate emma sulkowicz to parade the school with her mattress . authorities rejected sulkowicz's claim that nungesser was a 'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class . nungesser is suing for 'gender-based harassment and defamation' .


Five recent deaths heighten suspicions on both side of Ukraine 's ethnic divide . Ukraine 's President orders an investigation of the recent killings . The opposition calls the killings `` oppression , '' but the government says Moscow may be to blame .


Robert Kennedy Jr. compared `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the Holocaust . David Perry : Kennedy has apologized for the wrong things . He says Kennedy seems to think people with autism are `` gone , '' their lives `` destroyed '' Perry : Autism is not a death sentence .


Boxing trainer Bob Shannon has been charged with sexual assault . Shannon is best known for training Ricky Hatton in 2012 . Hatton lost their only fight together against Vyacheslav Senchenko in 2012 . Shannon will appear before magistrates in Manchester next week .


The couple held hands as they arrived at Brisbane airport . Both wore their wedding bands . Johnny and Amber 's show of togetherness clearly aims to quash rumors that their two-month marriage is in trouble . The Pirates Of The Caribbean star still had his injured right hand bandaged in a red bandana . A publicist for the Disney film announced the return of the leading man was ` entirely dependent ' on his recovery from surgery . The pair had been the subject of several stories in the media Monday about the state of their relationship .


Fulham are planning to swoop for Brentford boss Mark Warburton . Owner Shahid Khan is planning for next season . Warburton has led Brentford to seventh in the Championship .


Daisy , 26 , stars in new Rodial beauty shoot . Shares the secrets behind her flawless look . Has been partying in Coachella with famous friends over the weekend .


australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless . australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal . staff at the australian high commission in india and department of foreign affairs and trade were aware the couple was from new south wales . the couple reportedly told staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind because they could not afford him .


Heather Mack jailed for 10 years over mother 's murder in Bali . Boyfriend Tommy Schaefer sentenced to 18 years in prison for the attack . Mack gave birth to the couple 's daughter last month .


Video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart showing a Porsche Cayman flying out of control . Police cited unidentified driver for the crash . Car reportedly wrecked and needed to be towed from the scene .


Official who accused Mr Shapps of doctoring his profile a former Lib Dem . Richard Symonds , 29 , is one of the UK 's top administrators for Wikipedia . However , he once described himself as a ` Liberal Democrat to the last ' He decided to block a user called ` Contribsx ' on Tuesday after concluding it was probably operated by Mr Shapps or under his ` clear direction '


New Jersey Institute of Technology research reveals stunning video . It shows a solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun . Twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis . And the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form .


The ` Very Blokey Joke Book ' by Jake Harris contains highly offensive joke . The quip is about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends . Shocked Twitter users branded it ` horrific ' and ` staggeringly offensive ' The clothing brand have said they will withdraw the book from stores . Last May the brand was also criticised for misogynistic merchandise . The merchandise featured a gag for women designed to look like a football illustrated with a man putting his fingers in his ears .


photographs taken today in micheldever woods, hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend . parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow . tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas .


Tony McCoy has said he will immediately retire with Grand National win . The 40-year-old will ride Shutthefrontdoor at Aintree racecourse . McCoy will be riding his 20th Grand National on Saturday . CLICK HERE for our 2015 Grand National sweepstake .


Experts first identified the rare condition in 2000 , noting seven symptoms . Sufferers first appear anxious and agitated and are consumed by a need to be clean before donning a toga-like gown often made from bed linen . They are then overcome by the need to scream verses from the Bible . A procession to one of the city 's holy places is followed by them delivering a ` sermon ' in public .


The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Monday that H5N2 bird flu has been found at a farm in Iowa's Osceola County. The virus has been killing millions of birds in the Midwest and the U.S. is currently in the midst of a massive bird cull.


Goldfish weighing up to 2 kg and koi carp up to one metre in length are invading Western Australia 's waterways . Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them . Research conducted by Dr David Morgan and Stephen Beatty found that at least 13 species of fish had been introduced into south-western Australia .


Chelsea scored late winner to beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday . Cesc Fabregas scored with Chelsea 's only shot on target . Chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the Premier League . Chris Ramsey 's QPR remain in the Premier League relegation zone .


Kai Windsor knew from three that he had been born in the wrong body . By four he would n't wear dresses and by six he wanted to cut his hair short . Kai came out at school as a transgender and is now referred to as a boy . At age of 10 he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty .


Wilfried Zaha admits he felt 'worthless' during his two-year spell at Manchester United. The 22-year-old winger was signed by then Old Trafford boss Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013. Zaha was loaned straight back to the Eagles for the remainder of the season and he did not arrive at Old Trafford until the summer.


Koby Hodder was playing British Bulldog on his break when he collapsed . He suffered a series of cardiac arrests and was treated in intensive care . Was fitted with a device to shock his heart back into beating if it stopped . Now can only carry out light exercise but feels ` lucky to be alive '


Woman, 20, was shot in the neck as she drove on I-25, north of Denver. She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck. The bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.


Larry Upright wrote impassioned plea for people not to send the Democrat to the White House in 2016 . Family said that Upright would most likely be ` up there giggling right now '


Forecasts show prices will rise at a fraction of last year 's frenetic pace . London will fare worst with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over next year . This follows last year 's record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital . Economists said that the housing market had ` got ahead of itself ' last year .


Chris Ball made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family . The 21-year-old told them not to blame themselves and reassure them there is nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life . His family have shared the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease , which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer . He was


Royal superfans have arrived to set up camp outside the Lindo Wing . Margaret Tyler , 71 , owns a £ 10,000 collection of royal souvenirs . Fellow fan John Loughery , 60 , never misses a single royal event . Both spent Prince George 's birth camped outside St. Mary 's Hospital .


Andrew Mogni , 20 , from Glen Ellyn , Illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program when the incident happened in January . He was flown back to Chicago via air on March 20 but he died on Sunday . Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed . His cousin claims he was attacked and thrown 40ft from a bridge .


President defended negotiations that will lift sanctions on Iran . Claimed measures will make it less likely for Iran to acquire nuclear bomb . Admitted that the discussions had taken a toll on U.S.-Israeli ties .


Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan . The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner 's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control . QPR manager Chris Ramsey condemned the behaviour .


Graeme McDowell will play ` aggressive ' golf to end his poor Masters record . The 35-year-old has only made the cut twice in seven attempts at Augusta . McDowell has just recovered from an ankle injury ahead of the Masters . CLICK HERE for all the latest golf news .


Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset . He said parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education . Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child . He warned that while parents naturally wanted the best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development .


TSA : Full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection '' The TSA and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , the report says . Only two major U.S. . airports require employees to be screened through metal detectors , a CNN investigation found . TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson 's report comes after a Delta ramp worker and passenger were arrested for allegedly


charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru . colin slade is thought to be deciding between a move to toulon or pau . the deal is a boost to the wider celtic game, below test level .


Britain 's heatwave sends ice creams sales soaring - with some vendors seeing a 400 per cent rise in sales . Temperatures forecast to hit 21C tomorrow , with the country set to be warmer than Ibiza , Athens and Barcelona . But the balmy conditions could be coming to an end , with clouds , wind and a spot of rain forecast for Thursday . Showers predicted to hit London on Sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the London Marathon .


England ended day in a strong position, but it's worth bearing in mind what happened in Antigua in 2009. Stuart Broad took three wickets as England ended day in a strong position. England's Gary Ballance took three wickets as he led the way for England.


Locations in Ceredigion , Powys and Pembrokeshire being used for training . Also used to radicalise Mulsims , according to counter-terrorism officer . He said those involved are ` seemingly normal ' but have an ` ulterior motive '


ISIS has seized control of large parts of the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria . An estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped between militant groups and regime forces . U.N. : `` In the horror that is Syria , the Yarmouk refugee camp is the deepest circle of hell ''


Missoula : Rape and The Justice System in a College Town , a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday , immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond . Krakauer , the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild , sat down for an interview with ABC 's Nightline , which aired Wednesday night .


Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. . State Department . Part of it will involve the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments . In one case a foundation run by the


Jockey Blake Shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight . ` The pants went ... and there was nothing I could do , ' he said afterwards . Shinn , atop Miss Royale , only managed to finish second in the race . Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .


Bone was discovered during excavations ahead of new pipeline in Landford, Essex. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.


Fox News Sunday host appeared on The Mike Gallagher Show on Friday . Said mom-of-one Clarkson ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' Within minutes , his response had sparked outrage among Internet users . Now , Wallace has apologized for comment , which he dubbed ` offensive ' Says he should have discussed singer 's ` remarkable talent ' - not weight . Clarkson , who gave birth to her daughter River last July , coincidentally discussed criticism about her weight with Ellen DeGeneres same day .


The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic.


Jack Wilshere has not played for Arsenal since November after limping off at the Emirates following a tackle from Manchester United 's Paddy McNair . His career has been plagued by injuries , but former Arsenal midfielder Ray Parlour believes he is the future of the club . Parlour also reckons Arsenal can push Chelsea for the title next season . READ : Arsenal will help Abou Diaby get back on track , even if he leaves . Winterburn : Klopp is perfect for Arsenal but give Wenger is the right man .


Michelle MacLaren is no longer set to direct the first `` Wonder Woman '' theatrical movie . MacLaren left the project over `` creative differences '' Movie is currently set for 2017 .


the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home . father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday .


The moon skimmed across the Earth 's shadow on Saturday , reflecting the red glare of the sun . It was the shortest lunar eclipse this century , with ` totality ' only visible for five minutes .


Samantha Simmonds has revealed how she took some time off work to spend with her children. The Sky newsreader, 42, said her six-year-old son started screaming. She described a trip back from Manchester to London, where she had to negotiate more money from the tooth fairy 'due to blood loss and trauma'


Aboriginal Model Management Australia has 40 female clients so far . New national casting call is now looking for both sexes aged up to 60 . Founder is expecting the numbers to take off as interest rapidly grows . Target , Bonds and Big W are very interested in hiring Aboriginal models . Kira-Lea Dargin says demand for indigenous models is slowly changing in the high fashion market but should be moving faster .


Brazilian national Rodrigo Gularte , 42 , was a paranoid schizophrenic . He did not understand he was being executed until his final moments . Gularte was shot by a firing squad alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran and five other death row inmates . Gularte spent seven of his 11 years in prison on Nusakambangan . He was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia hidden inside a surfboard .


turia pitt was burned 64 per cent of her body in the kimberley fires in 2011 . she has been operated on more than 200 times since the blaze . a fundraising gala on thursday aims to raise funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods . 'if i was from laos or bangladesh, no ifs or buts, 100 per cent i would have died,' she said .


Chris Coleman 's Wales rose 15 places to 22 in the FIFA World Rankings . Belgium switched places with Colombia to reach No 3 for the first time . England have climbed three places to 14 after win over Lithuania . Bhutan 's wins over Sri Lanka boost them 46 places off the bottom . World Cup finalists Germany and Argentina retain first and second spot .


David Bulman , 55 , and wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking if his shirt buttons were missing . His wife threw all his shirts outside , but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face . Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away , damaging a gate post and a van , leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head .


Tony Blair signed deal to sell theory of ` deliverology ' to Colombia . Contract was signed between Columbia 's department of national planning and Windrush No 3 LP , an arm of Mr Blair 's business network . It includes carrying out a ` stocktake ' of mining deals and contains at least 10 clauses on confidentiality . Blair last week denied being in the ` league of the


Burger King offers pina colada smoothie , while Pret A Manger has gone whole hog . The British sandwich chain 's new concept is called ` Good Evenings ' It runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only at branch on The Strand . Diners can order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in silverware . Burger King 's Party in the Park menu


president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools' day to impersonate a fictional one, house of cards' conniving frank underwood . 'hello everybody. this is not frank underwood,' the president said after turning his head underwood, who is played by oscar-winning actor kevin spacey . the real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation .


Danel Hall , 10 , was seriously injured when he was shot in the stomach . It is believed he was hit by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog . He was rushed to hospital after the bullet narrowly missed his liver .


Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 -LRB- 5 -RRB- , 6-2 in Fed Cup playoff in Italy . Top-ranked US No 1 beats Italy 's Flavia Pennetta . USA lead 1-0 in Italy in a best-of-five series in Brindisi .


real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas comforted a young fan who was hit by a ball during his side's emphatic 9-1 win over granada . casillas handed the supporter his real madrid shirt during the half-time interval . the veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident .


david adam pate, 25, from lancaster, north carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times . he pleaded guilty to the murder on thursday and was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole . james's two brothers described him as the 'devil' during the sentencing hearing .


Police have said they believe William Tyrrell may be alive after six months . They revealed this information has changed the focus of the investigation . Police have issued a strong warning for anyone found connected . The parents of the toddler released a heartfelt plea for his safe return . His mother spoke of the moment she realised he was missing . She said she searched the house in circles telling him to yell out . His mother said she knew he was missing when she could n't hear him . The toddler vanished from his home in Kendall , NSW in September 2014 .


natal's dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas . the company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the fonte nova arena in salvador . the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company petrobras .


veteran cbs news 'face the nation' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday that he'll be retiring this summer . schieffer was speaking to students at texas christian university's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth, his alma mater . on wednesday night, schieffer tweeted 'really happy to be in my hometown, where it all started, to announce my retirement' .


Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trouser leg . His underwear were on show during the European match in Germany . The German giants booked place in the semi-finals thanks to 6-1 rout .


Sisters Sheree Morgan , 25 , and Sophie Morgan , 21 , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money . The victims were conned out of over £ 36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman . Sheree recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster , 23 , and her mother Justine Davies , 44 , to use their accounts for the illicit transfers . All admitted money laundering but escaped jail at Burnley Crown Court .


Swansea midfielder Tom Carroll is on a season-long loan from Tottenham . The 22-year-old has featured 18 times for the Swans this season . Carroll could be out for up to six weeks after injuring his ankle . He scored the only goal during England U21s ' win against Czech Republic .


buy and keep launched in april 2014 for sky+hd subscribers . it is now available to everyone in the uk and ireland . service lets people stream movies straight to their tv, or to their mobiles . they can also receive a hard copy in the post . films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function .


Profile in Courage award is going to a Republican congressman who risked his career while recognizing the danger of climate change . Authors : Addressing climate challenge is today 's moon shot , an enormous effort that will pay big benefits .


Manchester United beat Manchester City 1-0 in the Premier League on Sunday . Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday . The club legend believes they are ` kings of the city ' after the win . The former France international believes Louis van Gaal 's philosophy is a perfect fit for Old Trafford . Cantona turned his back on football to preach about


Elected diversity officer Bahar Mustafa caught in racism and sexism row . Facebook picture shows her faking tears in front of a ` no white men ' sign . She was criticised after planning diversity meeting that banned white men . Goldsmiths University students arranged meeting to ` diversify curriculum '


Seven artifacts were found to have come from an art dealer facing charges . Unbeknownst to museum officials , they were looted from Indian temples . The discredited source of the display items was noticed by visiting tourist . Immigration and customs agents will now return the artifacts to India .


Annette Edwards has owned more than 100 bunnies in the past 10 years . She claims the secret to breeding huge rabbits is both parents must be big . The former Playboy model has owned the world 's largest rabbit since 2008 . Her rabbit Darius is 4ft in length but he will soon be eclipsed by his son .


The singer, 30, has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. The Lyme disease is the reason for her absence from the public eye. She has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.


Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays on May 2-3 . Six-time Olympic gold medalist says he 's ` fit , healthy and ready to run ' Bolt was part of the Jamaica team that won gold at London 2012 .


Freddie Gray , 25 , was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore . He `` gave up without the use of force , '' deputy police commissioner says . It 's unclear what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death a week later . Court documents allege that Gray was arrested after finding a switchblade in his pocket . `` It is


The elderly woman , 84 , is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her . She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as broken bones . She was taken to hospital and placed in a medically-induced coma . Police want to speak to her once she is out of the coma . The driver , also 84 ,


Dr Sahar Hussain , 53 , attacked two Tube workers at Leicester Square station . She panicked when she was unable to get through the gates and started ranting at staff . Hussain , originally from Iraq , shouted : ` I ' m a doctor actually , I work for the NHS ... Get me through the gate ` She denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was


India Mayhew was on second day of a holiday when the tragedy happened . Seven-year-old 's horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran , near Mumbai . Suffered serious head injuries and was declared dead on arrival at hospital . The youngster had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin , 43 .


Jamie Silvonek, 14, accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend to have her mother killed. Defense petition to return her to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.


Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase , $ 40 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- , from Hammacher Schlemmer . Said to use blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' that help skin retain moisture . Canadian firm , which also makes the anti-wrinkle pillow , ships to the UK .


Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for Chelsea 's Eden Hazard . Zidane said he likes him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . Hazard is one of the main reasons Chelsea will win the league , says Zidane .


Candlestick park , which has been home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers , has been torn down . It opened in 1960 , and the last game was played there in December 2013 by the 49ers . The area is now set to become houses , a hotel and a shopping center . It is where The Beatles played their last concert in 1966 . Sir Paul McCartney played the last concert at Candlestick Park on August 14 , 2014 .


Amanda Burleigh , a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust , believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood . One study showed immediate cord-clamping could deprive a baby of a third of its blood stock .


Tories pledged to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3 m social tenants . Housing associations respond furiously amid threat of a legal challenge . But 80 housing association bosses earn more than David Cameron 's salary .


Bournemouth were promoted to the Premier League on Monday . The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth . The Gunners will start the season in second place for the first time in 100 years .


Henry Rayhons was arrested for sexually assaulting his wife in August . The 78-year-old politician was accused of having sex with her in a care home when she had dementia and did n't have mental capacity to consent . Mr Rayhons always claimed they kissed and prayed but did not have sex . Found not guilty by a jury and he said tearfully ` the truth finally came out '


Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a ` f * * * ing old c * * t ' in January 2014 . The incident occurred during a Premier League match between Newcastle and Man City . Pardews was warned by the FA about his behaviour by the League Managers ` Association . Crystal Palace boss has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour . He met with former cricketer


A mom of two got upset when `` Big Hero 6 '' fabric did n't include the two female characters . Another mom called attention to gender stereotypes on a TOMS Web page . In both cases , the companies responded quickly to answer parents ' concerns .


` I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not HANDICAPPED ! , ' reads a note to Natasha Hope-Simpson . Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee . Instead of being upset by the note , Hope-Simpson says she is flattered because someone could n't tell she was handicapped .


Eric Carter , 21 , and Stephanie McCassin , 24 , were arrested Thursday after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their three-year-old son a bath . The toddler 's grandmother and primary caretaker found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the toddler remained in the bathtub . The two were charged with endangering the welfare of a child .


Spain 's Queen Letizia was back to the day job today . Joined by handsome King Felipe , 47 , she welcomed author Juan Goytisolo to the Casa Real . The 42-year-old was making her second appearance at an awards show in two days . Spent Monday night handing out prizes at the Woman Awards . Last night , she received an unexpected kiss from another award-winning author , Pedro


Poll of FTSE 100 bosses reveals overwhelming support for the Tories . Seven out of 10 said Ed Miliband fearful of a Labour Government . Comes after 100 business chiefs signed an open letter in support of Tories . Mr Miliband said letter only showed PM backed his rich friends in the City .


Sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to the cartilage . People would have to eat several pounds daily to derive significant benefit . Drug company Evgen Pharma has developed synthetic version of chemical .


Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth . Once he 's put an item in the machine , Baron patiently waits for another to be reinsed . He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load . To date the clip


Justice Department prosecuting FedEx over unauthorized shipment of drugs . Danny Cevallos : FedEx has a strong argument that it should n't be held responsible .


Matilda Fitt , who played baby Julia Poldark , was born nine weeks early in Barry , South Wales . She was chosen to play to Julie , who died from putrid throat because of her small size . Now 21 months old , she won the part to make her small screen debut . Mrs Fitt took Matilda for filming in Cornwall last year to meet stars Aiden Turner


Ashley Young joined Manchester United in June 2011 from Aston Villa . Young feels he has an important role to play under Louis van Gaal . He feels he and Wayne Rooney are among those that have taken on responsibility after Nemanja Vidic , Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra left .


Kayonna Cole holds her Female Rose Hair spider to the camera . The exotic pet owner is bitten numerous times by the tarantula . The video was recorded by Kayonna at her home in Los Angeles .


The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today . Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy . Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen and forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee to Riyadh . Saudi Arabia and several Arab


Producers of `` Star Wars : The Force Awakens '' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer . A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web . The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 were born in Houston . A new book explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters .


australian foreign minister julie bishop meets with iran's president hassan rouhani . the deal focuses on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis . one australian lawmaker reportedly describes the deal as "dancing with the devil"


Newcastle United have dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson 's title-chasing side in a skip outside St James ' Park . Framed squad photographs of the likes of Alan Shearer , Gary Speed , Nobby Solano and Shay Given have been found discarded . The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images .


The robot , called BB-8 , took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California . It literally ran rings around the retro droid R2-D2 on its body . JJ Abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how the robot works . The robot 's body is a ball that allows it


The Queen, 88, was spotted riding a Fell pony in Windsor Great Park. Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure. The Queen has never worn a riding helmet and prefers to ride in a silk headscarf.


fernando hierro believes real madrid can win the champions league . carlo ancelotti's side face city rivals atletico madrid in the quarter-finals . hierro says the urge to be champions of europe is in the club's dna .


patties foods testing has found no link between its nanna's frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis a outbreak . the health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis a virus . patties foods said no hepatitis a virus or e.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled nanna's mixed berries 1kg product during its own testing .


Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win Young Player of the Year . Stoke keeper says there is not a player of the same age on Kane 's level . Butland is hoping Kane can help fire England U21s to glory this summer .


michael slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina, on saturday . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees . slager's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .


Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying . He posted it online with the caption : ` Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #disgrace ' Liverpool FC say they will ` take appropriate action ' against the supporter .


Danielle and Adam Busby welcomed five girls into the world last week . She has only held two but described the feeling as ` amazing ' Born at Houston 's Woman 's Hospital of Texas the babies are healthy . They are the first set of all-girl quintuplets born in the US and the first globally since 1969 . Team of 12 doctors helped to deliver the babies by C-section . Delivery was at 28 weeks and took the team less than four minutes .


Richie Benaud revealed late last year he was suffering from skin cancer . He had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head . He used the chance to ` recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads ' Benaud had looked frail after suffering serious injuries in a 2013 car accident . After the crash and cancer treatment Richie Benaud was walking daily with wife Daphne . He hope to get fit enough to return to the commentary box but never did .


Liverpool face Manchester United in the FA Cup semi-final. Philippe Coutinho has scored four goals in four matches for the Reds. The midfielder has been likened to Brazil legend Pele.


Pelvic organ prolapse occurs when tissue in the womb becomes weak . Many who suffer the painful condition are only offered hysterectomies . But the surgical removal of reproductive organs ends fertility in patients . Now one gynaecologist claims thousands undergo operation needlessly . Jonathan Broome says more should be offered half-hour key hole surgery . Sacrohysteropexy uses a sling to lift and hold the womb back in place .


jordan henderson has signed a new long-term contract with liverpool . the midfielder could take over the captaincy when steven gerrard leaves . henderson was offered £16million from sunderland in 2012 . the 24-year-old is confident he can win silverware at anfield . click here for liverpool transfer news .


The eight-month-old baby 's mother frantically tried to open the door after the Range Rover 's keys were locked inside . Youngster grew distressed as temperatures hit 23C in London and the heat inside the vehicle became unbearable . Police were called and an officer smashed the window with his baton to free the baby who was deemed uninjured .


Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe. The Togo international joined Spurs in 2011 from Manchester City. Adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at White Hart Lane.


Woman charged with having sex with a dog lashed out at a photographer . Jenna Louise Driscoll hit him over the head with a bottle outside of court . She fronted Brisbane court after she failed to appear on April 7 . She was arrested on Friday afternoon by police after a warrant was issued . Police allegedly found bestiality videos when investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in October .


This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .


Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray . Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two close calls in same move . Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 in Premier League on Monday .


newcastle manager john carver is not happy with michael owen's comments . owen said newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left . carver has hit back at the former captain's comments .


Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show . The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing .


Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres . They were taken by Dawn from a distance of 21,000 miles -LRB- 33,000 km -RRB- The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres . And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots .


A sade-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag has gone on sale for £ 140,000 . The rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store . Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the Hermes handbag .


Michelle Mone bought Glasgow duplex after split with ex-husband Michael . Tycoon had extensive work done and the home is now worth £ 1million . She is selling and will move back into mansion she shared with Michael . Couple put the five-bedroom ` dream home ' on market following 2011 split .


Officer Michael Slager is being held at Charleston County jail . His 8-months pregnant wife Jamie and mom Karen visited him on Friday . Housed in housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . Slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston . Dashcam footage shows Scott running from his car after being pulled over . Minutes later Slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .


rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings . it was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s when it was bought by hugh grosvenor . the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer .


Bowie , 68 , starred as an alien enamored by TV and alcohol in the 1976 film . He has written new songs and arranged older music for 2015 production . The musician is not expected to perform in the show late this year . Bowie did not write the music for the original amid contractual dispute .


Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of Miami Open to Tatjana Maria . She urged herself to ` relax ' after losing to Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells . Canadian posed with Sports Illustrated model Hannah Davis and Olympic medalist Kerri Walsh Jennings .


dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland beyond the end of this season . the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats . advocaat celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over newcastle last weekend .


Manchester City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday . Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United 's rise up the table . He says Louis van Gaal has a career where his teams are always offensive teams ` Pellegsrini says United signed Angel di Maria , Radamel Falcao , Ander Herrera , Juan Mata and Daley Blind . City have lost five of their last


John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, model for Fusion Models. Couple are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. John and Carlos had to delete their Instagram account after they were told to act straight and delete the account where they often pose kissing and holding hands.


It took Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray 20 months to lose the weight from his 354 lbs frame . The 27-year-old said he used to visit the drive-through to get fast food three or four times a day .


Dougie Fife , Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford return for Edinburgh . Trio were rested following Scotland Six Nations campaign . Edinburgh face London Irish in European Challenge Cup quarter-final .


Leonie Granger , 25 , has been jailed for 16 years for luring gambler to death . Convinced Mehmet Hassan , 56 , she was interested in him at Mayfair casino . Went to his flat and let in boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and Nicholas Chandler . They kicked Mr Hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings . Granger convicted of manslaughter and two men found guilty of murder . Judge William Kennedy today described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked '


The body of Anne Jarmain , 86 , was found at 7 pm on Wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed Cessnock Road , which in the NSW Hunter Region . Her family and friend are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ` strong-willed ' woman to stay at home . The state 's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas .


Kevin Rebbie , 56 , of Limerick Township , Pennsylvania , has been arrested . He allegedly sexually abused a girl in her home and filmed her in bathroom . The girl also claims Rebbie watched her undress and when he thought she was sleeping . Investigators found 41 videos , 34 of which showed victims as they showered . Rebbie said that he purchased the camera specifically to watch the 15-year-old girl but captured other victims on film , too . Rebbie 's is being held on a $ 500,000 bail and will appear in court on May 1 .


Alex Stock, a former friend of 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus. The student was portrayed as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. The magazine will not take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely.


Lord Tebbit said figures such as Churchill had careers before politics . He claimed Mr Cameron was a PR advisor as well as a special advisor . Lord Tebbit was an airline pilot before he embarked on his political career . He said : ` I just can not read Mr Cameron 's mind . It 's a foreign country to me '


manchester united face manchester city at old trafford on sunday . wayne rooney knows united will be playing for 'pride' against city . united have lost their last four meetings against city .


Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules club function by skolling a beer . The Prime Minister was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous . It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` Tony ' Mr Abbott also gave a


Gang member was intended target of shooting which shocked UK in 2011 . Rival criminals instead shot Thusha Kamaleswaran , who was paralysed . Four years on , gang member admits horrific knife-point burglary . He and an accomplice are locked up for targeting two women .


New research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by William Shakespeare . Scholar Lewis Theobald had passed the work off as his own . Texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men .


Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury . Everton manager Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease striker Lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to . The Belgium international has scored 18 goals in total this season .


Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans . Grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana . On Thursday he appeared in court to plead not guilty . Durst , 71 , is wanted in California for the murder of his friend Susan Berman . Berman , an author who formerly acted a media spokeswoman for Durst , was shot in the head at her Benedict Canyon home in 2000 .


wisconsin rallies for a tough 71-64 victory in the ncaa men's basketball final four . frank kaminsky leads wisconsin with 20 points and 11 rebounds . kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record .


Aer Lingus flight EI 660 to Vienna was forced to return to Dublin mid-air . The event happened yesterday just after two Ryanair planes had collided . It was confirmed to be due to ` technical issues ' and no one was harmed .


Matilda Kahl , an art director at Saatchi & Saatchi , owns 15 of the same white shirt and several pairs of plain black trousers . She has just had to invest in 15 new shirts from Zara because the others are now too worn to wear but has no other plans to change her ` uniform '


Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities. Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday. Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday ahead of their FA Cup semi.


Adam Deacon , 32 , allegedly sent abusive tweets to writer Noel Clarke . ` He -LSB- Deacon -RSB- referred to Mr Clarke as a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career , ' court heard . ` In some cases they amounted to some death threats ' , court heard . ` Mr Clarke provided screenshots of the posts to the police , ' he said


Everton defender Leighton Baines plays the guitar and is a big music fan . He was less than impressed after listening to some of today 's pop tunes . Baines admits he does n't know any One Direction songs . England international is friends with rockers Miles Kane and Alex Turner .


John Carver says his players must lift the pressure with a victory . Newcastle travel to Anfield to face Champions League chasing Liverpool . Rolando Aarons and Siem de Jong are back training but unavailable . CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle news .


a swarm of asian carp attacked the washington university of rowing team . the fish floated on team member devin patel's legs .


Seven-week-old Grace Roseman died in adjustable Bednest Bed Side crib . The cot - endorsed by the National Children 's Trust - has a panel which can be folded down to allow parents to be closer to their children as they sleep . But a ` safety ' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain , an inquest has heard .


Thomas Driver , David Moran , and Charles Newcomb each were arrested on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . The Florida Attorney General 's Office said the murder plotting started after Driver had a fight with the inmate . Driver is an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida . Moran is currently an officer sergeant at that facility . Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements , the department said . Prosecutors said the three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan . The group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson , Missouri to terrorists .


England held on to a 2-2 draw against Norway in the European Championships. Leah Williamson stepped up to take the penalty during the 18-second replay. The Arsenal star was virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football.


Psychologist says ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts. He says beheadings may also encourage copy-cat acts from the "disbelievers" they target. And he says the wave of beheadings may be "priming" people to be more inclined to imitate ISIS.


Company in Texas has been asked to develop its revolutionary engine . Ad Astra 's Vasimr engine could apparently get to Mars in 39 days . It is one of 12 advanced technology projects to be funded by Nasa . Others include new types of habitation and small deep space satellites .


Six-bedroom brothel in Melbourne 's Fitzroy will go up for auction on May 1 . Edwardian-style shopfront was owned by Wei Tang who was jailed for keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . Property , formerly known as Club 417 , comes with a brothel licence . Tang was convicted in 2006 for forcing women to work off debts incurred by bringing them from Thailand to Australia . It stopped operating as a brothel in 2013 and has been vacant ever since .


Mineral veins were found at a site called ` Garden City ' on Mount Sharp . They formed in Mars ' watery past above the now eroded , softer bedrock . Two-toned minerals were created from two wet periods on the red planet .


Barcelona outclassed PSG to win 3-1 in the Champions League quarters . Neymar scored the opener after brilliant work from Lionel Messi . Luis Suarez netted a fabulous second half double for Luis Enrique 's side . Gregory van der Wiel 's deflected effort gave PSG some hope .


ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall . pollster icm today defended its process 'using random location techniques' mr farage said his protest had been sparked by hostile audience reaction .


Apple Watch Sport edition costs $ 349 -LRB- £ 299 -RRB- and has an Ion-X glass screen . ` Durable ' screen shattered when the watch 's face hit the ground first . Screen damage is not covered for free repairs in the Apple Watch warranty . But another test has shown the device lives up to Apple 's waterproof claims after it survived 15 minutes in a swimming pool .


Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season . The winger 's contract is set to run out next summer . Arsenal are interested in Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling . Gunners legend Ian Wright would be ` sad ' to see Walcott leave .


The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco. The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff. The hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.


Quota system abolished so farmers can produce as much milk as they like . Production increase expected in Ireland , Germany and the Netherlands . Could drive down prices for British farmers who are already squeezed .


Nigel Short , 49 , said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . He said women should accept they were ` hard-wired very differently ' and were n't as adept at playing chess as men . Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match .


Debris from boat to be dried , inspected and taken to landfill . The debris contained fish normally found in Japanese waters . The earthquake and tsunami hit Japan in March 2011 .


prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade . supermarkets are slashing the cost of milk, vegetables and meat . clothes and footwear prices have fallen by 7.8% in the last 12 months .


Fatu Kekula , 23 , saved most of her family from Ebola . Thanks to donors , she is being trained at Emory University . Kekula was one year away from finishing a nursing degree when Ebola struck .


Prince Harry pays his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier . He is starting a four-week attachment with the Australian military .


Researchers said during security conference that payment devices by unidentified global vendor came with password ' 166816 ' While researchers did not identify the vendor , Google search points to Verifone , which said its devices in the field come with password ` Z66831 ' Verifone claimed sensitive payment information or personally identifiable information can not be captured .


The National Guard 's language worries those who objected to the tactics used in quelling riots . The language is contained in internal mission briefings .


Rajul Patel , 35 , targeted wealthy members of Virgin Active health clubs . He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor . In one spree he stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet . He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers five minutes after beginning his


Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National . The 27-year-old finished one-under but had a monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th . His brother P J Willett tweeted : ` I swapped some switches . Who 's living the dream ? ' Willett qualified by being in the world 's top 50 at the end of last season .


Sarah , 36 , and Mark Brennan , 35 , from south Wales , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally . Last September they defied doctors to have Eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz . Sarah , a project manager , said : ` After so many miscarriages , we could not help but


Rick Santorum says `` religious freedom '' debate is about government telling people what to do . Santorum , a likely 2016 GOP presidential candidate , weighs in on Indiana Gov. Mike Pence 's decision .


State troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying Nelly and five others . Nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs .


nigel short said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . chess commentator said women should accept they were 'hard-wired very differently' . mr short lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster .


Leo Grand was offered a deal : either $ 100 or lessons in coding from Patrick McConlogue , who passed him on the street every day . After daily coding lessons Grand launched carpooling app Trees for Cars . Grand said he made $ 15,000 from the app , which is no longer in stores because he does not want to pay for the server space . He said he has n't found the time to code every day anymore . Grand insists he likes living outdoors , but said he should have come up with an idea that made more money .


Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City on a free transfer last year . The defender insists he does not regret making the switch to the Etihad . City are behind FA Cup finalists Arsenal and face a season without a prize .


Kate Major was ordered to rehab by Michael Lohan last year . She is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of Lindsay Lohan . Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him . When police arrived Kate was visibly intoxicated , had slurred speech and blood shot eyes . She was taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail


Daniel Ricciardo trained with martial artist in PR event ahead of Formula One Chinese Grand Prix . Red Bull have struggled at the start of the 2015 Formula One season as Ferrari have taken fight to Mercedes . Ricciardo finished sixth in Australian Grand Prix and 10th in Malaysian Grand Prix .


` Chris ' , who worked with SAS and Marines , was shot near home in Khost . 26-year-old says Taliban have attempted to kill or kidnap him several times . But he says British Government has dismissed his fears on ten occasions . Immigration scheme says he can not live in UK because of his dates of service .


Peter , 8 , wrote a letter to Michelle Obama criticizing her health guidelines for school lunches at public schools . Peter 's father said the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because Peter was ` too angry ' to write it in one sitting . Peter thinks President Obama needs to work on his speeches and that the United States should bomb Syria .


Dr. Doom is seen for the first time in the trailer for the `` Fantastic Four '' reboot . Chris Pratt takes the lead in the new trailer for `` Jurassic World ''


Robby Mook , Hillary Clinton 's soon-to-be campaign manager , distributes a `` values statement '' The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble , disciplined and united .


Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the 1985 classic.


It is not known how fairy circles in the Namibian desert are made . Clue may lie in the distribution of the barren circles of Earth in grassland . Researchers in Japan discovered their distribution is similar to skin cells . Like human cells , the mysterious circles typically have six ` neighbours '


Andros Townsend scored the equaliser in England 's 1-1 draw with Italy . Townsend tweeted to hit back at Paul Merson for his previous comments . Townsend has been been ` desperate ' to silence his critics . Merson had slammed Townsend for his display against Man UnitedÂ .


Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home on February 16,2012 . She suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her face , arms and torso . Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe . Lawyers for Ms Vulin will on Tuesday , in the Supreme Court of Western Australia , claim that she


syed viqaruddin, izhar khan, mohammed haneef and mohammed zakir all killed . they were en route to court in hyderabad when van stopped in deserted area . another of the prisoners 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman' .


The artifacts are believed to have been smuggled into the U.S. by an art dealer facing charges in India. The dealer is awaiting trial in India and is accused of creating false provenances. Agents from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will take the items back to India and eventually return them to the government of India.


Police say 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo . Many want President Dilma Rousseff to be impeached . A corruption scandal has implicated politicians in her party .


Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in the Paris-Roubaix . Wiggins is set to leave Team Sky to ride in his own squad called ` Wiggins ' Race almost had dramatic incident when riders narrowly missed a train .


Staff at Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks misled the Financial Ombudsman . They obstructed investigation into PPI complaints by tampering evidence . Politicians called for enquiry into wrong-doing between 2011 and 2013 . MP John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud .


Blue Bell recalls all its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats . The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in children , the elderly and others . Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill , the CDC says . `` The fact that it was the same strain over the last


wendy wei mei wu has purchased slipper island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass, for aud $6.75 million . the former property developer is yet to decide what she wants to do with the 217 hectare island . the island boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . the sale has divided the family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's legacy' .


Colin Turnbull was caught having sex in a classroom at a Catholic school . Teacher and model lover were walked in on by private school 's governor . He has been told to ` never return ' to the £ 13,000-a-year Birmingham school . Priory School was packed with pupils and parents for entrance exam day .


Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager. The former Tottenham and Hamburg coach has six games to save his new side from relegation. The 50-year-old Dutchman will take charge of the club for three years.


Richie Benaud died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . His commentary style is considered synonymous with cricket . Sportsmail recalls 10 of his best moments in the commentary box . READ : When Richie Benaud welcomed viewers , they were able to relax . CLICK HERE for Richie Benaud tributes as cricket world mourns legend .


bill dudley has worked at mcdonald's in mold, flintshire, for the last nine years . he joined the team after growing 'bored' pottering around the house . wife margaret, 71, has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald .


Schoolboy Bradley Parkes , 16 , is fighting for his life in a coma in hospital . He was discovered hanging in the woods in Coventry with a suicide note . Mother , 35 , said he had been bullied and terrorised by a gang for months . She claimed her son was robbed at knifepoint and slashed in the face .


The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed a fortune since bursting onto the scene eight years ago . His £ 70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as Kylie Minogue and Sir Cliff Richard . In 2008 he stormed the stage at an X Factor performance to protest what he called the programme 's obsession with fame .


leo grand launched his carpooling app trees for cars in august 2013 . his mentor, patrick mcconlogue, offered him a deal: either he would give him $100, or he would teach him how to code . mcconlogue provided grand with daily lessons, as well as a laptop, wireless hot spot, coding books, a solar charger and office space at the start-up where he worked . but a year and a half later, grand is still homeless .


Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool 's clash at Blackburn due to illness . The striker has no future at Anfield after Brendan Rodgers lost patience . The Liverpool boss will concede he made a mistake in signing Balotelli . READ : Robbie Savage brands Balotelli 's absence at Blackburn ` pathetic ' CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child . The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team 's Twitter . Pittman 's daughter Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday . The 32-year-old plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics . Pittman turned to IVF to conceive her


Valerie Cadman-Khan , 56 , appeared on This Morning with daughter Aimee . Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer accused her of child neglect in 2008 . Mum was arrested amid claims she 'd left Aimee outside for 45 minutes . She was ` humiliated ' after being led away from Middlesborough home . No apology received yet , but she feels ` justice has been done '


Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday . Manchester City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night . Result means United sit one point ahead of City with seven games left . Two sides meet in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .


Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif are the resident experts on the popular E! reality series . Season two of Botched premieres tonight and features reality star Tiffany ` New York ' Pollard , who is looking to have her breast augmentation fixed . The doctors will also take on a patient who had cement injected into her face and a man who wants to look like Kim Kardashian , among others .


Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half . The referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to Duplan . The Frenchman protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the field .


yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title . kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion . mark butcher's guide to the county championship begins on sunday .


Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb . The slab of meat and its herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory . It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport . The stash would have been worth $ 2000 if it had been sold .


Duke University study looked at 1,000 years of temperature records . It compared it to the most severe emissions scenarios by the IPCC . Found that natural variability can slow or speed the rate of warming . These ` climate wiggles ' were not properly accounted for in IPCC report .


Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose to Porto U21s . The Chelsea manager visited Motspur Park with his son Jose Junior . The Blues boss avoided the Champions League fixtures as he watched the match . Real Madrid progressed to the semi-final with a 1-0 victory over Atletico Madrid . Chelsea travel to Arsenal on Sunday before they host Leicester . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news


Virgin Australia domestic flights will now serve complimentary food. On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all its flights. The move is part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights.


Grandfather Peter Mutty was caught with alcohol on August 31 last year . The Sydney man was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes for crime . He was released on March 19 , but a travel ban prevents him from leaving . Due to this ban , Mutty is unable to work as an engineer in Saudi Arabia . He has hit out at the Australian embassy who he says has not been helpful . Since speaking about his situation , Mutty said they were finally listening .


Ellie Grant , 22 , was appearing on the show to discuss her condition . But in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , Miss Grant suddenly suffered a tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at Phillip , 53 . ` Silver fox ' is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark . Amused viewers took to Twitter to say how much they enjoyed the clip .


Eileen Mason , 92 , knocked would-be thief to the ground with her scooter . Mrs Mason and friend Margaret Seabrook , 75 , were attacked in Swindon . ` Evil looking man ' tried to steal contents of their scooters ' baskets . The great-grandmother-of-13 , accelerated , and rammed the attacker . After he was knocked to the ground , they sped off on their scooters .


At 42 , Robin Rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed-for child . The pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband Scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy . Her response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months . She 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year


lee joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the ferry . he was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year, killing 304 people . victims' relatives criticised the original verdict which had acquitted him of homicide, saying it was too lenient .


Gay-friendly pub has come out in favour of Nigel Farage 's UKIP party . The Harewood Arms in West Yorkshire says it agrees with party 's policies . UKIP wants to amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice . Also has launched ` Save the Pub ' campaign to support ailing pub industry .


Wolves boss Kenny Jackett has told his players they must keep their focus to maintain a promotion push. The Wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the Sky Bet Championship. The win at Nottingham Forest has ended their chances of making a late push.


An Ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . Surfer Lloyd Meudell formed a severe photography obsession after buying a GoPro two years ago . He now shoots on a EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and uses numerous lenses but does not reveal his secrets . The ` foam surrealism ' pieces are shot on the south coast of NSW at Kiama beach through to Gerrigong . Mr Meudell 's shots draw from works of surrealism such as Salvador Dali and appear very dream-like .


The Russian outfit have been wound up after going bankrupt . Rotor Volgograd famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup . David Beckham , Paul Scholes and Roy Keane played against Rotor in 1995 .


Divock Origi signed for Liverpool last year but went back to Lille on loan . He will join up with Liverpool properly after the end of the season . Origi is impressed with the progress of Jordon Ibe and Raheem Sterling . Sterling insists contract criticism ` goes in one ear and out the other ' CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .


Kira Hollis , 27 , weighed just 6st and was deemed clinically underweight . She was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . Doctors ordered Ms Hollis , from Tamworth , to start going to the gym . She reveals bodybuilding gave her confidence to overcome depression .


celtic take on inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the match will kick-off at 12.15, a time fans do not agree with . ronny deila has warned broadcasters to stop messing with fans .


Brian O'Driscoll pictured crowd surfing in Hong Kong earlier this week . Former Ireland captain was away working as an HSBC ambassador . O'Driscoll 's wife Amy Huberman posted the picture on Twitter .


Thierry Fremaux , director of Cannes , aims to make red carpet selfie-free . Said celebrities taking pictures of themselves slows entire event down . Mr Fremaux then added : ` You never look as ugly as you do in a selfie ' Stars featuring at 68th event include Cate Blanchett and Michael Caine .


Andreas Christopheros was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his Truro , Cornwall , home on December 9 . Nicole Phillips , 45 , from Hastings , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and will appear at magistrates ' in Bodmin on April 30 . Husband David Phillips , 48 , had already been charged over the attack . Has denied grevious bodily harm with intent and will stand trial in June .


The kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the Gone Girl kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in . But only if his co-conspirators are given immunity from prosecution . This comes one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax . Huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23 , then released one day later beside her parents ' home .


mesut ozil and alexis sanchez opened the scoring for arsenal at wembley . aaron ramsey equalised for reading in the second-half . steve clarke's side have not lost a cup semi-final since 1927 .


research shows how much qatar spent on deals in run-up to 2010 vote . much of this outlay was on goods and services for qatar . there were millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam .


Keonna Thomas , 30 , was arrested at her home in Philadelphia on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group . Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation . She appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on April 8 . She is facing up to 15 years in prison .


Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer says she was was touched by Malala 's story of determination . Mainzer also works on educating children about science .


bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in the bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski opened the scoring for pep guardiola's side after 15 minutes . lewandowski doubled bayern's lead before thomas muller added a third . bayern had a goal disallowed for offside and struck the woodwork .


President Franklin D. Roosevelt died suddenly 70 years ago April 12 in Warm Springs , Georgia . Lauder : He was longest-serving president in history ; impact was felt immediately and personally .


Mail on Sunday writer visits the resort of Niyama , in the Dhaalu Atoll . Spends her days relaxing in the Lime Spa and snorkelling . Food at the resort is cooked by Aussie chef Geoff Clark .


Indonesia has advised foreign consular officials to travel to Indonesia 's `` execution island '' The 10 death row inmates being held have had their legal bids rejected . They include Australian `` Bali Nine '' members Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .


Ashy Bines started exercise program , Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge . The 26-year-old has attracted enormous online following on social media . In a video , she admits recipes she shared were copied from ` other sources ' Ms Bines explained she outsourced her recipe finding to a nutritionist . She said she did this so her followers would get best advice from experts . Pregnant fitness guru said her unborn child was targeted by online trolls .


Georgina Gosden allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Mad Cow Tavern in Townsville last year. The model, 25, is also facing charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly. She is also charged with being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.


Robot has been drawing crowds at Hong Kong electronics event this week . It can recognise and respond to human facial expressions in natural way . Known as Ham , the head was designed by US firm Hanson Robotics . Made using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .


Gareth Bale out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico. Bale has been out of action since injuring his calf against Malaga. The Welshman is set to return to action against Atletico on Wednesday.


mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in tijuana . nine people were arrested before they managed to dig into u.s. territory . the 66ft deep tunnel was wired with lights and ventilation .


` Miracle on Ice ' doctor George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday as he was visiting his wife 's grave . He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . He was played by Kenneth Welsh in the 2004 movie ` Miracle , ' about the USA 's improbable gold medal in their 1980 run in Lake Placid .


Joshua Van Haften , 34 , was apprehended by authorities on Wednesday . Landed at O'Hare International Airport following a return flight from Turkey . Allegedly posted on Facebook he could n't cross the Turkey-Syria border . He claimed people just wanted his money and he was left on a road . Was sentenced to eight years in prison for sexual assault in 2000 .


Gold Coast City Council will be able to shut down illegal party houses . More than 700 party houses across city that regularly attract loud parties . Party houses are just short-term accommodation rental properties . Police are often called in to handle noise complaints and lewd behaviour .


Kentucky player mutters N-word under his breath about a Wisconsin player at postgame news conference . Andrew Harrison , who is black , tweets that he apologized to Frank Kaminsky , who is white . Kaminsky says he 's talked it over with Harrison -- ` I 'm over it ''


Relationship issues and sexual problems discussed over a pint with mates . Hidden cameras recorded 70 hours of footage at Lord Nelson , east London . Cameras did not show any mention of football and women rarely discussed .


Qantas released photos of koalas in first class being served refreshments . The 4 koalas are gifts for Singapore marking their 50 year of independence . They will be travelling in specially built containers fit with eucalyptus tree . This special gift was announced by Julie Bishop on Thursday .


Julian Zelizer : It 's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement . He says most of the candidates -- and some probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes . Some of them might end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions , he says .


Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . ` The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' Phillips said of her mother who died in the summer of


The daredevil , 52 , ` was speeding in an SUV when he rear-ended a car and set off a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles on Tuesday ' He fled but police caught up with him and ` noticed he smelled of alcohol ' The crash took place in Butte , Montana - the town his daredevil father Evel Knievel helped make famous .


The hole appeared on Earl Street in Northampton at 2pm. It was about eight foot wide and was around two metres wide. Police closed off the road and left locals without water.


MailOnline Travel looks at the world 's most unusual , excessive hotel amenities . At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room . At Fiji 's Namale Resort & Spa , couples are ` kidnapped ' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise .


David Cameron announces extension to right-to-buy housing policy . PM promises to extend Right to Buy to all housing association tenants . Discounts of up to 70 % to allow 1.3 million families to buy their home . National Housing Federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers £ 5.8 bn . Claimed it was effectively worth £ 100,000 for each family who benefited . But the Tories said it would be funded by making councils sell off homes .


30-year-old Duke of Wellington fought Tipu Sultan as an army general in 1799 . Tipu was killed in the defeat and soldiers plundered the city and palace for jewels and riches . Modern British collector was ` obsessed with ' Sultan , acquiring works over 30 years . Sale of his collection could fetch £ 1million with personal gun tipped to get £ 150,000 alone .


a century ago, some american dreamers decided to drain the everglades . bob greene: without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in florida .


Labour leader initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status on Wednesday. But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Estate agents have said the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.


Arsenal will win longest winning streak in the Premier League this season. Gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham. Win at Turf Moor will also ensure Gunners claim longest winning streak in the top-flight.


A brass lamp from the nurse 's Derbyshire home is to go under the hammer . She is thought to have used it to write nursing notes after Crimean War . Lamp was passed on to servants and handed down through generations . It will be sold by Hansons in Etwall , Derbyshire , on June 26 .


Baseball may not have a reputation for being a violent as some of America's other sports, but the MLB witnessed scenes more suited to the Ice-Hockey rink or grid-iron field on Thursday night. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois.


Jack Wilshere played full 90 minutes as Arsenal Under 21s beat Stoke 4-1 . Midfielder is targeting return after recovering from ankle injury . England international has been on the sidelines since November . He believes he can play a part in Arsenal 's season-defining games . Wilshere is on Manchester City 's summer shopping list .


Stranded victims of the storm were unable to attend an Anzac Day service . Local Karen Newton played the Last Post at the Kurri Kurri memorial . She made the trip to Gillieston Heights to deliver food to the flood victims . While she was there , she struck up another rendition of the song . The goosebump-inducing moment was captured on film .


bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final . pep guardiola will be without arjen robben, franck ribery, david alaba, javi martinez and tom starke . bastian schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the game .


Delta said the flight crew reported an odor while taxiing to the gate . The crew shut down both engines and notified the airport fire department . Passengers remained on board as firefighters checked for a heat source . Plane was towed to the gate and passengers allowed to disembark .


Looming threat of Al-Shabaab has terrified students and teachers in Kenya . Terror group massacred 147 at Kenyan university last week .


firm linked to sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers . it has also offered names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring . even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale .


Washington , DC company United Space Structures wants to create a new space station . It rotates four times a minute to create artificial gravity - with the ` stem ' and ` dome spinning in opposite directions . It would be 1,300 ft -LRB- 400 metres -RRB- long , cost £ 200 billion -LRB- $ 300 billion -RRB- and take 30 years to build . ` We believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space , ' Bill Kemp from USS told MailOnline .


anthony clark reed was driving around detroit, michigan, on monday . he was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows . the 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing . he then suffered a fatal heart attack during a traffic stop . his father, pastor kevin clark, is planning to sue police for their role .


Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at California gas station early on Saturday morning . The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles . The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . No one was injured during the fire , but the car 's entire front end was torched .


Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Ander Herrera scored his first goal for United against Villa . The 25-year-old has started the last eight matches for the Red Devils . Herrera says he wants to stay at United for years to come .


Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini was yellow carded against Monaco in the Champions League after a deliberate handball in the first minute of the game . He slipped on the turf and scrambled to recover the loose ball . The Serie A leaders have progressed to the semi-finals of the competition . CLICK HERE to read Neil Ashton 's match report from Stade Louis II .


The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties. The removable bowl has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine, then add the mixing arm, pop on the lid, and turn it on.


Marie Ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations of misconduct and poor care . She worked as a midwife at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital . NMC heard she accepts her conduct ` contributed to the death of ' and/or caused two babies to ` lose a significant chance of survival ' Independent inquiry into hospital 's maternity unit found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother over nine-year period .


Some are child actors , others are former Hollywood heartthrobs . Can be attributed to poor lifestyles , career lows , or shattered relationships . Renée Zellweger caused controversy with her dramatically altered face .


Angela Maxwell won # 53million with her husband Richard last week . The 67-year-old thought he was playing an April Fools ` Day prank when he told her . She returned to her five-hour shift at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire . She said she would not give up her role at the club despite the windfall . The couple said they planned to buy a new minibus for pensioners


Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's swimming pool in Upavon. He was reported missing by his parents in July last year. Coroner ruled the death as accidental.


Destroyer and support ship sent from Bandar Abbas , Iran , to Gulf of Aden . Military chiefs claim the move is to protect Iranian shipping from piracy . Saudi Arabia is leading bombing campaign to oust Iran-allied Houthi which has taken most of Yemen . US is stepping up weapons deliveries in support of the Saudi-led coalition .


Manchester United have won six games in a row ahead of Chelsea clash . But Louis van Gaal will travel to Stamford Bridge without several key men . Phil Jones , Marcos Rojo , Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are all sidelined . Luke Shaw should start at left back on return to Manchester United side . Wayne Rooney may have to revert back to holding midfield role . Louis van Gaal describes injuries as ` the worst possible scenario '


An Afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack , police say . Taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack .


Office for National Statistics to release growth data for first quarter of 2015 . Experts expect growth to be 0.5 % , down from 0.9 % in same period in 2014 . Chancellor George Osborne boasts that firms back his economic plan .


Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30 , and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring . Men aged over 35 had a 50 per cent lower chance of conceiving over a 12-month period than men 25 and under .


Adam Sobel : California 's steps against drought are a preview for rest of U.S. and world . Tying climate change to weather does n't rest on single extreme event , Sobel says . The big picture should spur us to prepare for new climates by fixing infrastructure , he says .


George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb , Georgia , was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City . He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week . Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama 's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video , which was recorded last month .


The 22-year-old teamed up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer 20 girls free tuition to a two-week software engineering program . Karlie attended the course last year and was inspired to share her experience with young girls across the country . The model gave $ 20,000 of her own money to create the scholarship , with the Flatiron School matching her donation .


Leeds' sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned, the club's disqualified owner Massimo Cellino is reported to have confirmed. The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended. Cellino, banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy, told the Yorkshire Evening Post: 'He resigned.


Daniel Agger has been accused of elbowing Mattias Jorgensen . The incident occurred during Brondby 's goalless draw with FC Copenhagen . The incident was not seen by match officials .


nico rosberg will start behind lewis hamilton in sunday's bahrain grand prix . mercedes team-mate hamilton has dominated rosberg this season . hamilton is six-tenths of a second behind his mercedes team-mate . rosberg is bidding to win his fourth consecutive title .


A study by cleaning equipment company , Kärcher , revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . One in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far . A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . Other top ranking ` cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole ,


Letourneau and Vili Fualaau spoke to Barbara Walters in a 20/20 interview that will air Friday . Couple 's 17-year-old daughter , Audrey , was born while her mother was out on probation . Her 16-year-old sister , Georgia , was born behind bars . Letourneau and Fualaau started a sexual relationship when she was his sixth-grade teacher and she fell pregnant with his child when he was 13 . She served a few months in jail and fell pregnant with his second child within weeks ; she was then sent back to prison for seven years . But a year after her release in 2004 , they married and are still together . Letourneau said there was never a big conversation with their daughters about the scandal because they grew up with it . Vili Fualaau lamented that he did n't have the right support as a young father of two girls .


Teen with deadly brain tumour has raised $ 80,000 for emergency surgery . 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes and his girlfriend Jahnae Jackson , 18 , are preparing for him to go under the knife on Wednesday morning . He was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on . But Jahnae found Dr Teo who would do the operation with upfront fee . The couple turned to GoFundMe to raise the money for the urgent surgery . The risky operation will likely see him end up paralysed down his left side .


Red squirrels have returned to one of Britain's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence. Red squirrels have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century.


Eniola Aluko has been superb for Chelsea this season . Manchester City defender Lucy Bronze is the current holder of the Women 's PFA Players ' Player of the Year award . Karen Carney is the youngster player to have earned 100 caps for England . Notts County 's Jess Clarke has also made the shortlist . Kelly Smith is England 's all-time leading scorer with 46 goals to her name .


Gary Goldsmith posted picture of alleged culprit to his Twitter account . Accompanying message included the words : ` Evil s *** ... Coming to get ya ' Mr Goldsmith was walking in Regents Park when the incident happened . Flamboyant millionaire businessman is Carole Middleton 's younger brother .


Five-month-old Elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- . Born strong , he 's now ` very floppy ' , and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday . His parents have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away . The family are planning to show him as much of the world as


More than 4,600 people dead. More than 9,000 injured. 8 million affected across Nepal.


Jefferson Montero to have fitness test after picking up injury with Ecuador . Tom Carroll ruled out for Swansea after damaging ankle ligaments . Mohamed Diame and James Chester to return following long lay-offs . Gaston Ramirez also set to play a role despite carrying slight knock .


Dillard was the first of the Duggar daughters to be married . Her 9-pound , 10-ounce son was overdue .


Bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in D.C. Tuesday . CNN 's Brian Todd and Khalil Abdallah paused to capture the scene .


Chloe Hyart , nine , was snatched from a French playground by Zbigniew Huminsk . The schoolgirl 's body was discovered in a migrant camp last week . Mourners gathered at St Peter 's Church in Calais , northern France today . She lovingly touched the small white coffin as it was taken down to the waiting hearse . More than 6,000 took to the streets of Calais on Saturday


Death Row Records mogul appealed to reduce $ 10m bail , was denied . But he is sure Floyd Mayweather will win on Saturday and bail him out . The boxer is already worth $ 420 million , set to get record pay this weekend . Knight had to be wheeled out of court after being denied bail cut .


Ohio couple suing author Lacey Noonan as well as Apple , Amazon and Barnes & Noble . Claim personal photo of them on the book 's cover was appropriated without permission and without them knowing . Say the book has caused them to be ridiculed and humilaited . The fan fiction is about a woman 's sexual infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob ` Gronk ' Gronkowski .


Cameron said he knows that ` fear and worries ' remain over immigration . Under Tories , two-thirds of UK job growth now benefits British citizens . PM said he will continue ` serious , sustained attempt ' to control immigration .


Just 11 per cent of research funding is allocated to dementia . Money comes from both the British Government and charities . Almost two-thirds research funding was allocated to cancer .


Marseille prosecutor says `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation '' despite media reports . Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are `` very confident '' the video clip is real , an editor says . Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says .


Prince Charles and Camilla will celebrate their anniversary later this week . The couple were married in April 2005 after their engagement in February . In 2005 , only seven per cent of people thought Camilla should be Queen . Almost half are in favour of Queen Camilla when Charles takes the throne .


Tong Shao , 20 , was an international student from China attending Iowa State University . Her body was found in the trunk of her car in Iowa City on September 26 . Police believe it had been for three weeks . She died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation . Her boyfriend , Xiangnan Li , 23 , was the last to see her , but flew to China on September 8 , before Shao was officially missing . According to Tong 's father , an arrest warrant has now been issued . However Li has disappeared .


Rugby league star James Lockwood has been banned for two years . Featherstone prop tested positive for growth hormone releasing factors . Former Dewsbury player was part of team that lost 2014 Grand Final .


Kate Winslet wears size nine shoes and her Titanic co-star Leonardo DiCaprio found the size of her shoes hilarious . Scarlett Johansson , Gwyneth Paltrow , Sandra Bullock , Angelina Jolie , and Cate Blanchett all have huge feet . Jerry Hall , Elle Macpherson , Katie Holmes , and Uma Thurman also have feet bigger the average UK shoe size .


British No 1 defeated Dominic Thiem in Miami Open quarter finals . Andy Murray celebrated his 500th career win in the previous round . Third seed will play the winner of Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco in the semi finals of the ATP Masters 1000 event in Key Biscayne .


Andy Murray is getting married to long-term girlfriend Kim Sears . Coach Amelie Mauresmo recently announced that she is pregnant . British No 1 is considering taking on Jonas Bjorkman as assistant coach . CLICK HERE for our Andy Murray and Kim Sears picture special .


John Frost hilariously recounts stories from his career at London airports . Frost and his team frequently detect drugs hidden in bizarre ways . He has even had to deal with a monkey ` disguised as a hairy child '


Foxtel will screen every episode in a full season marathon. The company will also screen the entire season in one continuous marathon. The popular TV series is based on the book of the same name, by Piper Kerman, about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth.


Kimi Raikkonen finished ahead of Ferrari team-mate Sebastian Vettel . British driver and Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton finished 16th . Jenson Button stalled his car right at start of the practice session .


Johanna Basford has sold 1.4 million copies of her book Secret Garden . The trend for grown-ups colouring in is said to have started in France . Craze has spread across the globe with fans starting colouring-in groups . Experts say the pursuit allows those doing it to rediscover their creativity .


Mario Balotelli joined Liverpool for £ 16million from AC Milan last summer . The striker has scored just one Premier League goal and is set for exit . Sampdoria want the Italian but he would have to take a pay cut . President Massimo Ferrero said Balotelli is not hungry anymore . READ : Balotelli lays into Man Utd after Sergio Aguero 's goal at Old Trafford .


WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Bill Parker , 34 , of Mississippi was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the wire shot up his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity . Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire through a 20-minute sinus surgery and said the wire miraculously dodged Parker 's important nerves and arteries . The wire was sent to a pathology lab and Parker is taking antibiotics . Dr Haffey said Parker should not have any long-term effects .


A logic question about `` Cheryl 's birthday '' goes viral . The clues give just enough information to eliminate most possibilities . It spread after a Singapore television host posted it to Facebook .


Paddlers get a fright when large shark swims into the shallows . Papamoa Beach is a popular Bay of Plenty destination in New Zealand . Holiday-makers were soon running for cover out of the sea . But before long they were back on the shore taking photographs of it . The last fatal shark attack in New Zealand waters was in 2013 .


Kevin Davies tweeted a photo of right hand cut in two places on Tuesday . 38-year-old has scored one goal all season for Preston North End so far . Davies was an unused substitute in their 3-0 win at Bradford on Monday .


Jamie Peacock broke his try drought with a double for Leeds . The 37-year-old Rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months . Ash Handley , Rob Burrow and Zak Hardaker scored tries for the Red Devils . Salford 's last home win was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in 1993 . Salford are without the suspended Rangi Chase and Weller Hauraki . Under-19


Defense Minister Gen Nakatani tells Japan 's parliament that the country 's Air Self Defense Force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes , but admitted that he did n't know personally if aliens existed . Inoki has appeared in the U.S. . - based WWE , and is the founder of the


Adrian Peterson had been suspended after pleading guilty to misdemeanor reckless assault . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell requires him to keep going to counseling , other treatment . Minnesota Vikings , 7-9 last season , say they look forward to him rejoining the team .


Footage show 27-year-old Jared Henry being knocked off his board to the ground while the deer spins on its stomach into the ditch . The pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .


hawking teams up with monty python to recreate "galaxy song" from 1983 film "the meaning of life" the 7-inch single will be available for sale saturday .


Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of the city of Durban to protest against violence and xenophobia. A hashtag campaign called #PeaceMarch and #SayNoToXenophobia has been used to voice support. South African police say more than 10,000 people attended the march, including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations.


April is National Get Tested Month in the U.S. John Sutter : Some argue that this freedom to test is the path to a healthier society . But he says the primary effect wo n't be more health , but rather more medical care . He says there are real side-effects to testing the well : more procedures .


The new video is a part of the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel . Snapchat was most commonly used as a means of sending suggestive selfies and messages initially , however is now used more generally .


Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich. The German legend has managed Bayern Munich twice in the past seven years. Beckenbauer believes only a fully fit Bayern Munich can beat Messi and co in the Champions League.


Australian fashion designer Alex Perry wo n't show at this year 's MBFWA . The designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row . This will be the designer 's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades . Perry is now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East .


The woman was later identified as Jacqueline Carr , age 65 . Still uncertain who owns the tree or was responsible for its upkeep . Carr was the vehicle 's only occupant .


Julia Ware was driving before crash in Paupack Township , Pennsylvania . Chevy Suburban rolled over several times during deadly August accident . Three passengers Ryan Lesher , Shamus Digney , and Cullen Keffer were 15 . Ware accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts . Pleasantville , New York , girl also admitted to two misdemeanor charges . Father faces charges for allegedly letting his daughter have keys to SUV .


Google has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway. The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.


Dr Sahar Hussain was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square . She lashed out at two staff members , grabbing their arms and chasing one to a control room . The 53-year-old GP said she was worried about being left on her own in London because she is a Muslim woman . Hussain has been convicted of assault and fined a total of £ 2,250 .


Myopia rates have doubled , even tripled , in most of East Asia over the last 40 years . In South Korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011 . Researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy : Get some sunlight .


marvel's "daredevil" will return for a second season on netflix in 2016 . the show focuses on attorney matt murdock, who was blinded as a child . it's gotten rave reviews .


retiring jockey ap mccoy insists he will never return to professional racing . the 40-year-old has two final rides at sandown on saturday . mccoy has a sell-out crowd of 18,000 at sandown .


Loretta Reinholdt , 54 , and Andy Wasinger , 46 , were on on a hired sailboat with a captain when they were attacked . Four men with guns and knives boarded the boat , demanded money and threatened the trio after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas . The men then pushed the sailboat to shore , cut the sail and took supplies . Couple and captain were stranded on remote beach for four days . After being saved by hikers who saw their SOS signals , they were taken to near town and met Honduras president who flew couple to Mexico . Canada has advisory information about traveling to Honduras on their government website .


Couple appeared not to mind being in full view during steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley, West Sussex. Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30pm yesterday.


Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool for LA Galaxy at the end of the season . Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Gerrard has had on him at Liverpool . Skrtel believes the club do have players that could eventually replace him .


Operators are charging up to 20p a minute - even if 0800 numbers are free . Some are important services run by Government and NHS departments . Watchdog Ofcom published proposals to put an end to the rip-off in July .


Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . Arsene Wenger 's contract at Arsenal has two more years to run until 2017 . Nigel Winterburn believes the club should let Wenger see out his deal .


Raheem Sterling has turned down a £ 100,000-a-week Liverpool contract . Arsenal , Chelsea and Manchester City are all interested in signing him . Kolo Toure saw English talent struggle during his time at Manchester City . He has compared Sterling 's situation with Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair .


President Obama 's trip to Panama for a regional summit will be one of the biggest issues of the week . One of the big questions is whether he 'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro . A carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Hillary Clinton -- with an emphasis on her childhood and her earlier work on children 's issues . `` When they


Nina Moric , 38 , claims she collapsed at her apartment in Milan on Saturday . She told followers on Instagram her fall was due to ` low blood pressure ' Italian media claimed the Croatian-born model tried to take her own life . Moric told her 40,000 followers ` I fell banging my head and hurt everwhere '


the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge . thomas has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999 .


The business mogul was speaking to DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg . He insisted it 's time that colleges cut out expensive middle management . With his wife Suzy Welch he is dedicated to changing business education .


Sarah Harding and Denise Van Outen are the latest big-name signings to agree to contracts with British soap operas . They join a long line of stars who 've looked to soaps to boost their careers . Barbara Windsor , Patsy Kensit and Danny Dyer all saw their profiles rise after taking to the small screen .


WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . Chloe Knapton , 21 , was attacked when man smashed down her car window . She had surgery after glass was left embedded in her neck after the attack . Attack happened while she was driving her car but had stopped in the road . Andrew Shires , 37 , from Holmfirth , West Yorkshire is charged with wounding . Andrew Shires , 37 , from Holmfirth , has appeared at Kirklees Magistrates ' Court , charged with wounding the woman . He was remanded in custody until his next appearance at Leeds Crown Court on May 5 .


Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Paul Downton . The early bookies ' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan . Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey .


The English Bulldog puppy named Hazel jumps into the basket . After leaning on the side of it , the puppy is thrown across room . Puppy gets up , jumps back inside basket and chews on its rim . Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos on YouTube .


A generous double room in Peckham , south-east London , has been put up for rent for just # 400 a month . In an advert posted on Gumtree , an honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom .


celtic lost 4-1 to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying last season . ronny deila blames gruelling pre-season schedule for defeat . norwegian insists celtic will not risk champions league aspirations .


Hull City travel to Swansea City in Premier League on Saturday . Steve Bruce is boosted by return from injury of Mohamed Diame . The Senegalese midfielder has been out for four months with knee injury . Tigers currently have a three-point cushion to relegation zone . Owner Assem Allam has again applied to FA for Hull Tigers name change . CLICK HERE for the latest Premier League news .


Dan Churchill, 25, has been promoting his cook book 'Dude Food' on Good Morning America. The Aussie star took to Instagram to reveal Blake Lively was on the call sheet that same day. He admitted to Hollywood star Blake Lively that he crushes more on hubby Ryan Reynolds.


Map spans nearly two billion light years . Will help astrophysicists predict the universe 's expansion . could help identify where , and how much dark matter exists .


A team of Australian researchers have designed a drone that flies with you. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.


Caitlin McGuire and Brian Rogers own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club . Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana . The pair 's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series `` High Profits ''


Wood Green animal charity is lending householders cats from their shelter . They say the presence of cats and their lingering scent scare rodents away . Home owners can foster a cat using cleaning and DIY service app Handy .


Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signs a medical marijuana bill . The bill is inspired by Haleigh Cox , a 5-year-old whose seizures threatened her life .


English photographer John Chapple has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera . Chapple , originally from North Devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography . He has captured grassy fields in England , major US cities , and sandy beaches in Australia . Chapple often takes landscapes with a Linhof Technorama 617s III camera .


Baboon bone was spotted by the American Museum of Natural History . Researchers thought one of the vertebra bones was too small to fit Lucy . They say the baboon bone was somehow mixed up with Lucy 's remains . Lucy is oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found .


Khalid Saeed Batarfi was senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Two days ago he was freed as terrorists stormed prison he was being held in . Pictures show him relaxing in the governor 's palace in Mukalla , Yemen .


There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County , about 30 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested . But the growing number could put pressure on Gov . Mike Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that


A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour -LRB- 374 miles per hour -RRB- on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday . A spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour , during which it covered 1.8 kilometers -LRB- 1.1 miles -RRB- That 's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences .


julian zelizer: hillary clinton's launch may have been more successful than critics think . from a marketing perspective, her launch may have been much more successful than critics think .


Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriages set couples up to fail . She suggests a fixed-term starter marriage of up to a four year contract . At the end the couple decide whether to renew their contract .


Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order . Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside the Bureau of Land Management 's offices yesterday . Co-owner Rick Barclay acted after receiving a stop-works order last month when officials said they found equipment on site inconsistent with standard


It 's National Park Week , and that means the parks are free April 18-19 . Stargazing , Revolutionary War programs and other fun happens this week .


Add natural sun-kissed highlights to your hair with the help of lemon juice . Aloe vera can be frozen into ice cubes for extra sunburn relief . Place your iPhone in a resealable bag for the ultimate waterproofing trick .


Leicester have recorded three consecutive Premier League wins . The latest , a 2-0 success over Swansea , lifted them to 17th in the table . Nigel Pearson 's side are starting to dream of beating relegation . Esteban Cambiasso has been superb for the Foxes this season . Goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel has also hit some timely form .


Japanese-led experiment will see how plants grow on the ISS . Researchers will monitor how they grow without influence of gravity . Results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield . And it may also help future astronauts grow plants on Mars .


Christian migrants speak of making the journey across Med to escape ISIS . Eritrean refugee Haben , 19 , made the perilous trip with brother Samuel , 14 . Haben said gunmen patrol Libyan towns and beaches looking for ` infidels ' Made journey days before 900 died as they travelled from Libya to Sicily .


The 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £ 220,000 price if fully restored . But the restoration project will cost up to £ 350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £ 570,000 to return it to its former glory .


Manchester City 's chances of retaining the Premier League title were dealt a hammer blow by a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace . Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the Eagles before Yaya Toure grabbed a consolation for City . Manuel Pellegrini believes that Murray 's goal was a ` clear offside ' City are now fourth in the league table , nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea with just seven matches remaining . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .


Militants in Yemen fired on Saudi border troops in Saudi Arabia 's Asir region , media outlet says . Rebels have taken Yemen 's presidential palace in Aden , sources say . U.S. warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping , a U.S. defense official says .


West Indies batsman Jason Holder has taken the difficult road to try and win Test matches. Samuels has grafted his way to 103 against England in the second Test. The West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League.


Milk is main source of iodine in British diet , providing 40 % of daily intake . Academics say switching to organic milk could significantly impact health . UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral .


NGO official says people will urgently need food , water , medicine and shelter . More than 1,800 people across Nepal confirmed dead , official says . People treated outside hospitals ; avalanches reported on Everest .


Josh Darnbrough awoke to find his friend Rob Gaskell had tattooed his back. The pair had been at a party and Josh was sleeping when he passed out. Rob carried out the prank on Josh, who had passed out at the party.


DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train. Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground. Isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family.


Donna Brazile : Hillary Clinton should announce that she 'll take a 23 % pay cut if elected president . She says it 's the perfect opportunity for Clinton to put her money where her mouth is . Clinton is trying to portray herself as a woman of the people , a populist fighter for the middle class . She says she 's not the first rich person to run


Clegg tells pupils he was better at languages and art as a youngster . Lib Dem manifesto to promise to eradicate the deficit ` fairly ' by 2019 . Clegg 's wife Miriam says her priority is making sure their sons are ` OK '


francis pusok, 30, seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing . seconds later, deputies catch up to him and stun him with taser, before beating him . as video keeps rolling, officers apparently kick him in head and crotch . deputies then whisper in suspect's ear: 'this isn't over,' according to attorney . san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon has placed 10 deputies on leave .


Robbery took place at 12.30 pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater , Cardiff . Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft . The white male suspect has greying black hair and wore glasses .


Ricky Dearman was branded cult leader in bitter battle over his children . He said : ` They 'd said we were killing babies , I was shipping them in , we would cut the babies ' throats and then would drink the blood . It 's horrific ' Judge found mother forced children to lie about sexual abuse and torture . Ella Draper and Abraham Christie wanted by police but have fled abroad .


bill parker, 34, of gulfport was mowing his lawn on april 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity . a ct scan revealed the wire had been shot up his left nostril and lodged in parker's sinus cavity beneath his eye socket and next to his jaw hinge . dr timothy haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on parker's upper lip .


fulham are deliberating over the future of kit symons at craven cottage . mark warburton's impressive record at brentford has made him a leading contender alongside ipswich town manager mick mccarthy . rangers won't have the same spending power to offer warburton as the cottagers .


Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter . The incident happened during Chelsea 's 1-0 win over QPR on Sunday . QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved . They have also appealed to witnesses to come forward .


Computer model simulated how driverless cabs would affect Lisbon traffic . Even with only one passenger per ride , car number dropped by 77 per cent . Swapping personal cars with self-driving cabs would free valuable space . Google and Uber are already working on technology for self-driving taxis .


Frida Ghitis : Iran 's defiance to halt its nuclear program has defined Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's era . She says Khameni 's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities has landed the country under crippling sanctions . She says if Iran can finalize a deal by June with the U.S. . and its P5 + 1 partners , international investors , including Americans , would be able to invest in


Southampton boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne. Manchester United are preparing a bid for the England right back. The Saints are pushing for a top-four finish in the Premier League.


Barcelona take on PSG in the Champions League quarter-final . The first-leg of the tie will be played at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday . The two sides were drawn together in the group stage earlier this season . Barca defender Adriano has warned this time will be more intense . He has singled out Lucas Moura as a particular threat for PSG .


Thomas set to be named as one of eight new referees for the 2015 season . The married mother-of-three has regularly officiated college games . Thomas was the first woman to officiate an NCAA game in 2007 . She has also spent time in the NFL 's developmental program for officials .


Arsenal earn 1-0 Premier League victory against Burnley at Turf Moor . Aaron Ramsey gives Gunners an early lead with 12th minute strike . Gunners close to gap to four points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea . Burnley remain in the bottom three with fixtures against fellow strugglers Leicester , Hull and Aston Villa to come . CLICK HERE for full player ratings as Francis Coquelin shines for the Gunners .


Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his bear with him on every flight. The pilot gave his teddy, named Beaumont Bear, a RAF tie and printed the Royal crest, the letters AM for Air Ministry and his nickname 'Bea' on his chest.


Rebecca Francis ' photo with a giraffe was shared by Ricky Gervais . Francis was threatened on Twitter for the picture . Francis , a hunter , said the giraffe was `` close to death '' and became food for locals .


Clive Howard , 57 , preyed on lone women on Norfolk and Cambridge streets . He was jailed for life after final victim was able to describe his Volvo car . Jessica Howard , 23 , was returning from a night out when he raped her . Since he was found guilty 15 more potential victims have come forward .


aston villa owner randy lerner was expected to attend wembley on sunday . but he didn't turn up after his aunt passed away . lerner has been trying to sell villa since last may . tim sherwood says lerner is the biggest aston villa fan he knows .


Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on SaturdayÂ . Man Utd host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon . Red Devils have won their last five league matches to move into third place . READ : Manchester United end 499-day wait over Manchester City . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United newsÂ .


A charity group is preparing aid packages for those who want to return home . The attacks have left 5 dead -- two immigrants and three South Africans . A 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners .


Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 . This after Manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July , with some worried his drinking was a priority . The Heisman Trophy winner had a lackluster rookie year where he saw little playing time and just two starts . He is now set to begin offseason workouts with the Cleveland Browns on April 20 . Manziel will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team .


Five activists on women's rights were released from Haidian Detention Center. They were arrested in three cities on March 8. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment.


Mauricio Pochettino returns to St Mary 's for first time since his departure . The Argentine left Southampton in order to take up reins at Tottenham . Pochettino admits he could be jeered on return to former stomping ground .


Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion . James Tavernier opened the scoring for the Robins after 16minutes . Joe Bryan , Luke Ayling , Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also scored . Bristol City reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season .


Charlie Pye applied for the job after Paul Lambert was sacked. Sherwood wrote a letter congratulating the youngster. The Villa boss missed out on the job and has now offered his support.


Cao Yu , 22 , confronted the man in a public square in Guizhou province . The man in his twenties , who was holding two knives , stabbed her in the shoulder . She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete . She was found ` bleeding all over ' and is now recovering in hospital . Chinese social media users have praised her


`` The Americans '' ends a critically acclaimed third season Wednesday . Academy of Country Music Awards holds its 50th ceremony Sunday on CBS .


Due date believed to have been between last Wednesday and yesterday . Kate , 33 , plans to give birth at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , London . She may have already spoken to doctors about option of being induced . Bookmaker 's 6/1 joint favourite for birth date is tomorrow and Tuesday .


snp leader nicola sturgeon refused to rule out a re-run within five years . opponents claim she has 'broken a promise the size of ben nevis' in september's referendum, 55 per cent of scots backed staying in the uk .


Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right . He failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in Coon Rapids , Minnesota . On March 5 , he was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear the voice of his mother , Ahavah Cook , for the first time . Couple ,


Kourtnie A. Sanchez , 25 , was arrested Monday in Eureka , Kansas . She has been charged with unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor , among other charges . Alleged incidents ' occurred over five months in 2014 . Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School and was a sports coach at the nearby junior high .


Dina Amos-Larkin was in Salou , Spain for a four-day sports festival . Plunged 50ft off balcony at Hotel Jaime 1 around midnight on April 3 . Law student , 21 , was in medically induced coma for two weeks . GoFundMe page has been set up to raise £ 20,000 to get her home .


Former assistant school principal Lisa Webb , 34 , moved to France in 2009 . She feared her daughter would go hungry after seeing French school menu . Fussy three-year-old refused to eat vegetables at home with her parents . Lisa says the food and way pupils dine has transformed her daughter 's diet .


Ly Sivhong was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who were sent to work. Ly never saw them again, nor learned what happened to them. About 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus.


Josh Meekings handball should have been a penalty and a red card . If the penalty was awarded and converted Celtic would have gone to 2-0 . Caley manager John Hughes admitted his side were fortunate in win . Virgil van Dijk scored Celtic 's opener with a superb free-kick . Celtic keeper Craig Gordon was sent off early in the second half . Greg Tansey , Edward Ofere and finally Daven Raven scored for Caley .


scotland's first minister said labour leader allowed himself to be 'kicked around' nicola sturgeon called on miliband to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' in newsnight interview . polls suggest no one party will have majority after may 7 election . support for the snp hit a record high as tories ramp up warnings .


Chris Smalling has signed a new contract at Manchester United. The defender had been linked with a move to Arsenal. Smalling has become a regular starter for Louis van Gaal.


vincent stanford, 24, is accused of murdering stephanie scott on easter sunday . ms scott was at leeton high school in the riverina region of new south wales when she was found dead . stanford moved to the town 13 months ago with his mother and brother . neighbours say the family were welcomed by the community but vincent stanford made few connections .


Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ` Sumo Salad ' This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns . Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ` Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month .


In July 2010 , Joyce Bruce got pregnant in an unusual way -- with repeated attempts using a turkey baster . The man who gave her his sperm wanted to have a role in his son 's life . They ended up in court , and he has won joint custody and visitation rights .


Jimmy Anderson two wickets behind Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 . The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England . Anderson hopes to break Botham 's record for most wickets in this Test . England have 17 Tests in nine months and must be careful with Jimmy . Anderson will be crucial to any hopes of regaining the Ashes urn .


Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor -LRB- Sunday 1.30 pm -RRB- Clarets defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention after overcoming an ankle injury . Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss the game with a knee injury . Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up .


Human bones found at Gough 's Cave in Cheddar Gorge , Somerset , bore cuts and bite marks proving the people there engaged in ritual cannibalism . The remains have been found to be 14,700 years ago and belonged to prehistoric modern human hunter-gatherers known as the Magdalenians . Skulls found in the cave also had been cut and shaped into bowls and cups . Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London believe cannibalism may have been regular part of disposing of dead relatives at the time .


Ethel Rider , 87 , dropped from her bed at Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe . Was left cowering on the floor for 40 minutes and sustained pelvic fracture . Carers Lauren Gillies , 25 , and Susan Logan , 59 , covered up the incident . They have now been jailed for six months each for concocting story . Ambulance finally called only when another carer saw her howling in pain .


The #kyliejennerchallenge is currently sweeping social media . Method involves creating an airlock which forces lips to swell . Teens are hoping to emulate Kylie Jenner 's puffy pout .


Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon . Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale both missed good chances in the first half . Ronaldo left the pitch with a fan trying to hug him at the end of the game . Bale was often the brightest of Real 's front three but his miss was the clearest .


Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to boost how much air is released . Air is brought through the rear of the 10-inch -LRB- 25 cm -RRB- device . A ` high-pressure jet airflow ' then turns this air into blast of directed ` wind ' The ` Q ' fan is on sale in Japan for ¥ 39,350 -LRB- £ 220 -RRB-


Scientists at Grand Valley State University , Michigan , studied elite runners . They found the men tended to have greater competitive drive than women . Women tend to prioritise other aspects of their lives like academic studies .


Steven Pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season . Midfielder has made just 11 appearances for the Toffees this season .


It was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system . The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube . It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by Auction Team Breker in Cologne , Germany .


Celtic lost their Scottish Cup semi-final to Inverness Caledonian Thistle . The Glasgow club wrote to the SFA to complain about a penalty decision . They were angered by the referee 's failure to award a penalty for handball . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths complained they were ` robbed ' at Hampden . Adrian Durham : Man Utd need Gareth Bale to give them needed dynamism .


Boat travelling from Libya to Sicily when 12 Christians thrown overboard . Police arrested Muslim migrants for murder ` motivated by religious hate ' Survivors said they clung to each other to stop men trying to drown them .


Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in an act of generosity . The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother . His mother thanked him for wiping ` all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ' , adding that ` my worries have all gone '


Wigan winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick of tries on Thursday night . Warriors announced re-signing of Sam Tomkins at half-time during derby . Ben Flower returned from six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia .


ben cousins failed to appear at fremantle magistrates court on wednesday . the 36-year-old was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test . cousins has a history of substance abuse and has been on bail . he was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments following that incvident .


Hometown of Stephanie Scott paid tribute to the murdered teacher with a stunning hot-air balloon display . More than a dozen hot air balloons hovered above the small community in Canowindra . Hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the 26-year-old after she was murdered last week . Friends and family gathered for a memorial picnic on Saturday -- the day she would have been married .


Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device , at 1.7 per household . Laptops were second , followed by tablets - with a fifth of homes owning two of the latter . Four in 10 households now own one tablet , and one fifth have two .


Mitsubishi Lancer crashed through family 's fence in Sydney 's north-west . The 23-year-old driver was hit by taxi and sent him spiralling out of control . Driver and two passengers managed to escape when car crashed into pool . Blue Lancer sunk to the bottom and will need to be retrieved with a crane .


It is 24 years to the day since Paul Gascoigne scored in the FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal . Gascoigne struck a fierce 35-yard free-kick that beat David Seaman . It was hailed as one of the best goals in Wembley history , and that comment still applies .


Pat, 69, from Edinburgh, loves to party the night away dancing. She says her grandmother was a party animal and never missed a party. But she prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours.


Kardashian said it was ` very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office . The reality star , whose Armenian heritage comes from her father , the late Robert Kardashian , has used her celebrity to bring awareness to the genocide .


Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals . The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop the superb Lionel Messi next month . Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp . ` It will be a very special game for me , ' he said .


Staff at Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks mislead Financial Ombudsman. They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI. Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.


Justus Howell was shot dead on Saturday afternoon in Zion , Illinois . Police now claim he was fleeing after trying to steal a handgun . Tramond Peet , 18 , said he met Howell in Zion in order to sell him the firearm . But claims Howell tried to take it , and pointed weapon at him during scuffle .


Four brown leatherette bean bags placed in library at Ickworth House . Furniture dating nearly 200 years removed to make way for bean bags . Designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in atmosphere ' Art historian brands the experiment ` patronising nonsense '


carl hendrick, head of learning at wellington college, berkshire, has attacked ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms . he argues that schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well and providing ‘clear and achievable paths to academic success’ . but vic goddard, headmaster of passmores academy in harlow, essex, said he is a fan of the posters .


Prince William had been expected to work as pilot until the end of April . Duchess of Cambridge is based in London and baby is due this Saturday . William using unpaid leave and paternity leave to stay off work until June 1 . Prince Harry is back for marathon on Sunday so could see niece or nephew .


New York University psychologists studied how the brain stores memories . Found boring details become more memorable with emotional context . Emotional experience can enhance memory for old neutral information .


Spencer Gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlasch were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder . When police arrived , Keltsi was found dead in the living room with stab wounds . The couple 's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room . The couple were recently divorced and Keltie lived in her


The boy , whose name has not been released , jumped to his death from a window at Grant Elementary School in Dumont , New Jersey last month . An aide overheard him saying to another student : ` Do you want me to do something drastic ? ' She saw him crying in a corner and writing a note , which he passed to his opponent but told him


Stephen Dodd took picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield. He posted the picture on Twitter with the caption 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' Dodd's post was reported to police, who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place.


Arsenal won all four of their Premier League games in March . Striker Olivier Giroud scored five times in four appearances . Spurs ' Harry Kane was bidding for a third straight monthly award .


Floyd Mayweather Jr and Manny Pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever . Sportsmail 's Jeff Powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights . Joe Louis ' 1938 re-match with Max Schmeling is the second in the series .


Murdered preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani was killed by a hitman , it emerged . Syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in London . He was on pretence of providing a quote for some building work . But when imam arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat . Murder at 11.15 am on Tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination .


Emma Walker 's weight plummeted to just five-and-a-half stone in months . After two hospital visits and counselling she is on the road to recovery . Rather than being skinny , is focusing on getting fit and building muscle . Now weighs eight stone and is keen to share her story to help others .


Hundreds of survivalists and ` Preppers ' gathered in Utah suburb Friday . Learned new ways to deal with zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster . Shown underground bunkers , tactical weapons and an armed $ 2,500 Motoped Survival Bike . Taught how to store food and dressed as zombies for special contest . Also met actors from AMC hit show The Walking Dead , like Addy Miller . Scott Stallings , one of PrepperCon 's founders , said Utah made sense for the first expo because of the Mormon culture 's emphasis on self-reliance .


Deborah Kane , from Manchester , had a melanoma behind her eye . Doctors think it may have been a result of wearing cheap sunglasses . She has also had two cancerous lumps removed from neck and leg . Mother-of-two was badly burned in Lanzarote at the age of 15 .


Tottenham's Danish star Christian Eriksen may not have found the net since January, but the midfielder still knows how to score when the opportunity presents itself. The Spurs midfielder was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in central London. The couple, who have been together almost three years, couldn't keep their hands, or lips, off each other as they walked through Soho.


Shadow chancellor refuses to rule out using threshold to raise money . Vows not to hike income tax rate but not trapping more people in 40p rate . Chancellor George Osborne says Balls has ` let the cat out of the bag . Tories promise to raise threshold from £ 41,865 to £ 50,000 by 2020 . Labour says the plan amounts to a £ 7billion unfunded commitment .


Bishop Robert Finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . He was the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in the church 's long-running sex abuse scandal . Finn kept his job as bishop , even after his 2012 conviction . The Kansas City-St . Joseph diocese has a new leader : Kansas Archbishop Joseph Naumann .


Anthony Bourdain teaches Anderson Cooper a Korean recipe . Budae-jiigae is a stew made with all sorts of canned meat , including Spam .


56 women with cystic fibrosis have been photographed so far for Ian Pettigrew 's upcoming photography book Salty Girls . The 46-year-old from Ontario , Canada , said the project is ` dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting CF truly are ' Cystic fibrosis is a life-threatening genetic condition that damages the lungs and digestive system .


labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past decade . more than 2,000 labial reduction procedures were performed on the nhs in 2010 . the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period . experts at the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists have called for more research to try and better understand women's motivations .


Sir John Chilcot 's inquiry began in 2009 . It has cost taxpayer almost £ 10m . Yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until 2016 at the earliest . Bereaved parents are disgusted that their suffering is being dragged out . Delay is so figures like Tony Blair can rebut inquiry 's findings , families say .


camilla parker-bowles has become a much-loved member of the royal family . she is loved by 50 per cent of britons and 56 per cent credit her with charles' own increasing popularity . her relaxed approach to life has helped cement her place in the royal family .


Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam being chosen for the name of the second royal baby. It follows the success of part-time jockey and the Duchess of Cambridge's close friend Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree this weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have publicly insisted that even they do not know what sex their second child will be.


United Arab Emirates are interested in hosting the 2021 tournament . Rugby League World Cup has only been held in major countries - Australia , New Zealand , France and Great Britain . Middle East country has the facilities , as well as the financial backing and infrastructure claims Sol Mokdad , the president of UAERL .


50 years ago in Frankfurt , German prosecutors tried 22 former Nazi SS soldiers at Auschwitz . John Demjanjuk 's conviction established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of Oskar Gröning . Investigators and historians failed to uncover so much as a single instance in which a German officer or NCO was executed or severely punished for opting out of genocide . He says the refusal of


`` We did everything that we could do , '' Kenya 's foreign minister says . Despite intelligence , rapid response team stuck in Nairobi for hours after massacre , official says . Al-Shabaab 's Mohamed Mohamud `` has a lot of grudges against the Kenyans , '' expert says .


Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday . Phillips said she regrets not allowing her mother Connie Phillips to stop her chemotherapy treatment against her will . ` Had she had the choice to end her own life she might have been able to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity , ' Phillips told Dailymail.com .


Kay Bennett , 33 , says she has been turned down for 40 jobs in the last year . Suffers depression brought on by her tattoos , which she had done at 24 . The former security worker has gained six stone due to ` comfort eating ' Resigned from the only job she had in years because she felt left out . Miss Bennett is hoping someone will take pity and buy her laser removal .


cardiff handed back 500 tickets for saturday's game against leeds united . the welsh club have backed a fans' boycott of the game at elland road . cardiff will not take up any of their seats for the 3pm kick-off on saturday .


manchester city are monitoring juventus striker alvaro morata . real madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million . city also remain keen on juventus midfielder paul pogba .


Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone moved into their marital home together on last night 's episode of the FYI reality show . 30-year-old Jaclyn , from Union , New Jersey , nearly left her new husband at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him . The couple 's new one-bedroom apartment is in Astoria , Queens .


911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark . Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious . The NYPD 's bomb squad was scrambled , but a full search of the island finally failed to find anything explosive .


ed miliband's party has jumped to 35%, up one point from last month . the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33%, according to the pollsters ipsos mori . mr miliband's poll ratings remain dire with just 21 days to go until polling day .


Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys ' front-man Alex Turner . The Everton defender regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar . Baines admits that he does n't know any of One Direction 's hit songs . Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars ' Uptown Funk is regularly played in Everton 's dressing room .


kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops . intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or caps . price of nhs dental treatment in england is as much as £52 .


City 's players are on incentivised contracts because of financial fairplay . They will lose £ 500k each if they miss out on Champions League . Manuel Pellegrini 's team are currently fourth in Premier League . But they are only four points ahead of fifth-placed Southampton .


A Tory government would create a new principle to review SNP policies . Prime Minister to tell English voters SNP 's powers could impact their lives . There has been growing resentment at ` apartheid ' between north and south . Cancer drugs are available on NHS in Scotland but not England and Wales .


PM says a minority Labour administration would be propped up by the SNP . Latest poll shows the Conservatives have nudged 3 % ahead of Labour . Mr Cameron said a Tory victory was needed ` effectively to save Britain '


Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 . LeBron James added 20 points in Cleveland 's first post-season game . Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in first-round playoff series opener . Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92 . Memphis Grizzlies beat Houston Rockets in Houston on Tuesday night . Houston Rockets beat


Witness who took the video says `` Mr. Scott did n't deserve this '' North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is fired . The city orders an additional 150 body cameras .


many clouds won saturday's grand national at lambourn on sunday . trainer oliver sherwood has floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury's hennessy gold cup . sherwood and arsenal fan ap mccoy have a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the premier league .


Lorraine Valentine , 42 , suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -LRB- EPP -RRB- . It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable when she is exposed to sunlight . A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days . Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered . Even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain . EPP occurs when


Union conference heard today that schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children. Teachers have warned that children from overseas are not getting their 'fair share' of attention. In a speech to delegates from the Association of Teachers and Lecturers, Oxfordshire teacher Joy Wilson said many staff had little or no training in how to deal with pupils with English.


The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams . The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus . The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall , while one of the two campus cops searched , questioned , and even hit one of them .


Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip . Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Aston Villa in the second-half . Tim Sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to Fabian Delph 's solo effort . Ashley Westwood -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- impressed on his first start since the quarter-final . Tom Cleverley -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- provided plenty of bite in midfield , snapping into tackles and covering ground . Michael


Ken Broskey Livonia , Michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . Instead he has taken a job with Uber to earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house . Roland Gainer , a college student , started a GoFundMe page for Broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $ 95,000 goal . Uber is also donating $ 1 to the page when people write UberPartnerKen into their app when requesting a ride this weekend .


Students at St Peter 's College in Cranbourne East were drinking recycled water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year . ` Class A ' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that 's safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets . The water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption . An investigation has


Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school . To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times . Many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable '


Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army. But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'


Lotatoa ` Lota ' Ward was diagnosed with a brain tumor in October 2014 . He has since had to undergo four surgeries on his brain . Just before his latest surgery , Lota ran in the 10th annual Antelope Island Buffalo Run outside of Salt Lake City , Utah .


Adrien Broner posted happy Instagram image with rapper 50 Cent . Former world champion was recently criticised by the New York artist . Broner called out Danny Garcia at Premier Boxing Champions event .


Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final . This was Kerber 's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013 . The German broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week .


Many Clouds won Saturday 's Grand National on Saturday . Trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury 's Hennessy Gold Cup . With 11st 9lb on his back , Leighton Aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st . Sherwood said :


taliban propaganda release praises mullah omar's 'special' sense of humour . praises one-eyed terrorist's 'special' love of grenade launchers . mullah omar has not been seen since 2001 us-led invasion of afghanistan .


Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill were arm in arm on the stage during the panel in Anaheim on Thursday. Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. Producer Kathleen Kennedy said the 72-year-old was 'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.


Tugce Taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway . Friend Adem Kilic , 31 , is fighting for his life after crash in Istanbul , Turkey . Witnesses say the Lamborghini hit another car and then burst into flames . Driver of the second vehicle is also being treated for injuries in hospital .


Ralph Cramer , 70 , and his wife , Lynn , 59 , were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p . m . on Sunday when the accident occurred . First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash . The couple 's 1923 Model T Ford convertible , which had been rebuilt ,


Denmark 's previous law only banned bestiality if it harmed the animal . Decided to toughen up laws after it became a stop for animal sex tourists . There are reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels . Almost one in five vets suspect they have treated an bestiality victim .


Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 ` deforestation fronts ' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses could occur by 2030 . The fronts are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers . Unsustainable logging and wood fuel collection is also causing forest degradation . mining , construction of hydroelectric dams and other projects cause


U.S. President Obama , Cuban President Raul Castro meet in Panama City . The two nations -- only 90 miles apart -- have been at odds for more than 50 years .


geneticists at harvard university analysed dna from ancient human remains . they found hunter gatherers in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . it was not until 7,800 years ago that two genes for lighter skin appeared . these genes were bred with the dark skinned hunter gatherers . europeans had lighter skin for far longer than previously thought .


Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, decorated their York flat with sentimental trinkets and tributes. Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies, while others were from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer.


Milano had pumped while on plane . Travelers are asked to carry only what they need .


Scottish First Minister said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7 . Mr Miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the SNP . But Ms Sturgeon 's remarks raise prospect of Labour ruling as minority government-despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories . Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind Tories


Al-Shabaab is trying to prevent the children from obtaining the education they deserve. The terror group is waging war on schools, teachers and students across the Sahel region. In Nigeria, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has been waging war against the government.


Firefighters responded to cries for help - from two parrots . Crew scoured a burning home in Boise , Idaho , searching for people shouting ` Help ! ' and ` Fire ! ' Eventually , they found a pair of squawking birds . Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen .


Saudi Arabia 's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels . Militants on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops , prompting them to return fire , SPA reports . Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden , a neutral official says . U.S. . Navy warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the


Sean Donohoe , 30 , from Wilnecote , Tamworth , befriended woman in 2007 . He took over her finances , applied for credit cards and ran up huge debts . He made her change her will , secretly took out life insurance policies and abused her trust ` in every conceivable way ' Donohoe , who admitted theft and fraud , has now been jailed for 21 months .


Danny Ings ' contract atBurnley expires at the end of the season . Liverpool have held an interest in the striker since earlier in the year . United have made contact early with Burnley to hurry through a move . Ings also linked with Manchester City , Tottenham and Real Sociedad . Danny Ings : The man with an inspiring tattoo .


Proceeds will help build medical clinic in Abidjan , Ivory Coast 's capital city . Charity Ball held at London 's Dorchester Hotel on Saturday evening . Drogba was joined by Chelsea directors , players and staff at the event . Grammy-nominee Christina Milian and Fuse ODG entertained guests . Live auction included VIP tickets to Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight .


Anderson Silva is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests . The Brazilian hopes to compete in next year 's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .


Jimmy Anderson claimed his 381st Test wicket on Tuesday in Antigua . The 32-year-old dismissed Devon Smith for 10 on day two of first Test . Anderson is still two wickets behind Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 . Chris Jordan says that the record is ` just around the corner '


talkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode during Aston Villa 's 3-3 draw with QPR on Tuesday night . The former Villa striker let loose with his wild , and sometimes expletive laden , comments from the press box . Yorkshire 's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for new season by becoming a vegan .


Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places . Brendan Rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players ' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system . The Reds ' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten run .


Lib Dem leader said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ` chip in a bit ' He said services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant . He said second home-owners would ` like to chip in the bit extra ' to fund communities . Mr Clegg said the move could help ` particularly in such a wonderful part of the


Alan Pardew 's side scored second-half treble within five minutes to secure the three points . Glenn Murray fired the Eagles ahead with his sixth goal in as many matches for the away side . Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick to keep Sunderland in relegation trouble . Connor Wickham scored a late consolation for the home side , who remain just three points clear of safety .


Manchester University in Indiana was on lockdown late on Friday night after a ` likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building . Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university , was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building . The university had issued a statement advising students


One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem. A 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the French Hill section of the city. One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.


Gang targeted home of Vera Fisher , 81 , and her bed-ridden husband , 85 . They were tipped off the OAPs kept money in their Hertfordshire home . Clinton Jackson , 25 , was jailed for 18 years at the Old Bailey . Jermaine Kellman , 29 , and Marvin Sempler , 30 , were each given 13 years .


Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope. They had IVF treatment and successfully created eight embryos. Couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.


Robert Durst is accused of unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge. The charge is the latest in a litany of accusations against Durst.


She hosted a controversial discussion on the disappearance of people . She knew what she was doing was dangerous and had received death threats before . Mahmud loved books , Jimi Hendrix and discussions about human rights .


louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when he leaves the club . giggs has been van gaal's assistant since the dutchman took over at old trafford last summer . the welshman had a spell in temporary charge of united following the dismissal of david moyes last season .


Voters turned to Google to find out why David Cameron was a no-show . Labour 's Ed Miliband , SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon , Ukip 's Nigel Farage , Green 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood . go head-to-head .


Camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region . CNN 's Richard Quest is the only Gulf national in the team . Camel races are an ancient sport in the UAE . The sport is moving with the times . The camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners . The winning camel are paraded with pride , their heads


canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban . nrl head of football todd greenberg said the match review committee would 'look very closely' at their behaviour . graham's charges would relate to his argument with referee gerard sutton who awarded souths a late penalty . klemmer meanwhile was sin-binned after crowding in on sutton and yelling 'you're off your f*


Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday . The former Chelsea forward admitted it was ` eating away ' at him . Schurrle joined German club Wolfsburg from Chelsea in February .


Manny Pacquiao has released music video named ` I 'm fighting for Filipinos ' The Filipino boxer directed footage which shows poverty in the Philippines . Pacquiao will go toe-to-toe with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 . READ : Pacquiao takes his training to the great outdoors as he jogs in LA . READ : Mayweather vs Pacquiao referee to earn $ 10,000 -LRB- £ 6,800 -RRB- on May 2 .


Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by US attorney Alan Dershowitz . He said that he wants to have her thrown in jail if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself . Miss Roberts has also been branded ` despicable ' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel who said he is considering legal action of his own . Earlier this week Florida Judge ordered Miss Roberts


Mary Murphy , 66 , and John Wood ,67 , died falling down stairs at her home . Pensioner is believed to have come to aid of her partner , 67 , who tripped . Detectives described the incident as ` extremely bizarre ' and ` tragic ' Ms Murphy , a regular worshipper , was described as ` kind and well-liked '


patrick revins, 49, sold £10-worth of heroin to policeman in november 2013 . detective recognised him because he has initials 'p' and 'r' tattooed on forehead . revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and sentenced to year in jail .


Hairdressers in Taipei are giving particularly furry customers new hairstyles . The method is reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands 's trimming of a hedge . Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved popular online . Many owners now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes and shares .


Stoke City host Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday . Asmir Begovic has been linked with a summer move to Real Madrid . The Bosnia international is out of contract at the Britannia Stadium in 2016 . Mark Hughes has played down reports of the goalkeeper leaving the club . Hughes is also hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi . The 19-year-old


Glenn Roeder joins Sheffield Wednesday as part of new management team . The former Newcastle boss joins Stuart Gray who is currently in charge . Adam Pearson has also been brought on board for the committee .


A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued . Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami . An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year .


Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes while he was staying in Georgia. The 20-year-old then decided to try them on for size herself. She then took a photograph of herself in the star's polo shirt and posted it on Twitter.


laura scurr, 15, from whitley bay, developed anorexia two years ago . the teenager became so obsessed with her own weight she would hide food down the side of her bed and lie to her mother about eating . she was left on a heart machine after she collapsed at her home . laura has spoken out about the pressures teenagers feel to be thin .


Tests spot chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development . About 7,000 people develop stomach cancer in the UK each year .


Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night just days after leaving rehab and was drinking water all night . He entered a facility on January 28 and stayed for an extended period . This after Manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July , with some worried about his drinking . He is now set to begin offseason workouts with the Cleveland Browns on Monday . Manziel will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team .


Ryan Gosling 's directorial debut , `` Lost River '' , is set in the city of Detroit .


App created to remove posts that might cause problems with employers . Users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the software deletes any tweet that mentions them . Creator Ethan Czahor was fired from his job due to offensive tweets . And he said he hopes ` Clear ' app will ensure others do n't suffer same fate .


The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013 . He was also the founder of the television ministry `` Hour of Power '' His confident , breezy version of Christianity drew hordes of seekers and lapsed Christians . He preached not to convert or condemn people , but to encourage them .


